
Position Description

Title: Senior Research Scientist in Natural Capital Hours: 75% FTE
Job Code: Researcher 6 (9742R6)
Reports to: Profs. Stephen Polasky & Justin Johnson

The Department of Applied Economics at the University of Minnesota seeks a Senior Research Scientist in Natural Capital. This position includes responsibilities for research, team support and outreach related to ecosystem services, natural capital accounting, nature-based solutions and environmental macroeconomics.

The candidates must have successful grants application experience and substantial research experience on the expected responsibilities. The candidate must have strong expertise in quantitative methodologies (e.g., satellite data processing, data analytics, decision science, and ecosystem service valuation, or other systems modeling methods, machine learning, large geospatial data processing, data management; data visualization) and advanced skills in using the following software/tools – Python, INVEST, R, Google Earth Engine, QGIS, ENVI, Iterative Data Language, C, Perl, JavaScript and MATLAB, are especially encouraged to apply. The candidate must have 2+ years of experience specifically working and contributing to the InVEST code-base (https://github.com/natcap/invest), accessed through the Python interface.

The position is remote work eligible. However, the person will be expected to fully participate in the Department of Applied Economics, including attending Applied Economics team meetings as well as developing working relationships with other Applied Economics staff, university researchers and students, and external partners. For remote employees, the responsibility for this job expectation is on the remote employee to proactively pursue in consultation with your supervisors. Additionally, please refer to University policies and guidelines for remote work and remote work business expenses.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Assess multiple ecosystem services benefits including carbon, urban cooling, water regulations models at a regional or global level.
Integrate earth observations into ecosystem service models.
Develop metrics to evaluate the relationship between ecosystem services benefits with socio-economic parameters.
Link ecosystem services, land use change models including SEALS with macro-economic models including GTAP and MANAGE
Manage projects including stakeholder engagement and the financial and budgetary aspects.
Write quarterly and annual reports.
Publications and conference presentations
Serves as an expert resource to lab members, outside collaborators, and the scientific community.

QUALIFICATIONS
Required Qualifications:

Ph.D. in geographic information system, remote sensing, climate change, applied economics, or related discipline
An established record of seeking external fundings
An established record of scholarly activity demonstrated by peer-reviewed publications, scientific databases, reports, and white papers, workshops, training materials, and
software and metadata documentation
A substantial research and publication record, given career stage
Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment with other experts both inside and outside of the university and ability to work in a way that is both independent and
interwoven with other work at the department and the University
Quantitative research and computer coding skills consistent with research requirements
Experience working with and contributing to the InVEST code repository

Preferred Qualifications:
More than five years of postdoc related field experience
Deep knowledge of the integration of DEIJ as part of what and how you do your work and who and how you engage others
Research experience that connects well to and expands the existing strengths at the department and the University

PROGRAM / UNIT DESCRIPTION
The Department of Applied Economics (APEC) supports the College of Food, Agricultural and Natural Resource Science's (CFANS) and the University of Minnesota's land-grant mission through its teaching, research, and extension programs. APEC's teaching programs include Bachelor of Science degrees in Applied Economics and Agricultural & Food Business Management, and Master of Science and Doctor of Philosophy degrees in Applied Economics. Its research and extension focus are broadly defined as Food Systems; Development, Growth, & Trade; Environmental & Resource Economics; and Public Sector Economics. APEC is home to several centers that strengthen its academic programs and provide opportunities for students and faculty in research, extension, outreach, and policy. Please visit APEC's website at apec.umn.edu for further information.

CFANS's vision is to advance Minnesota as a global leader in food, agriculture, and natural resources through extraordinary education, science-based solutions, and dynamic public engagement that nourishes people and enhances the environment in which we live. CFANS is home to 12 academic departments, including APEC, with faculty that frequently collaborate to fulfill this vision.

The University of Minnesota-Twin Cities is in a diverse metropolitan area that is the home to the state capital as well as a large agribusiness and food sector. The campus is at the center of a diverse agricultural production region and supported by ten research and outreach centers located throughout the state. This proximity offers unique opportunities for stakeholder engagement to identify and address contemporary economic, business, and policy issues related to agriculture, food, environment, and natural resources.
HOW TO APPLY
Review of applications will begin on DATE and continue until finalists are identified.
Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please visit http://employment.umn.edu and search for position #XXXXXX. Click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach the following:
Current curriculum vitae
Cover letter describing your interest and relevant experience to the position
To request an accommodation during the application process, please email employ@umn.edu or call 612-624-UOHR (8647). For questions regarding the position, please email aecmsearch@umn.edu .
The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds.
The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu
Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment.
Current University of Arkansas System employees including student employees and graduate assistants need to log into Workday on My Apps. Simply enter "Find Jobs" in the Workday search bar to view open positions.

All Job Postings will close at 12:01 a.m. CT on the specified Closing Date (if designated). To view the job posting closing date please return to the search for jobs page.

If you close the browser or exit your application prior to submitting, the application process will be saved as a draft. You will be able to access and complete the application through “My Draft Applications” located on your Candidate Home page.
Type of Position:
Adjunct Faculty, Faculty - Non-Tenure

Workstudy Position:
No

Job Type:
Regular

Work Shift:
Day Shift (United States of America)

Sponsorship Available:
No

Institution Name:
University of Arkansas Community College at Morrilton
The University of Arkansas Community College at Morrilton (UACCM) is a proud member of the University of Arkansas System. The University of Arkansas System is comprised of land-grant research institutions, a teaching hospital, five community colleges, two schools of law, a presidential school, a residential math and science high school, and an online university, as well as divisions of agriculture, archaeology and criminal justice. These entities exhibit unmatched economic and social impact across the state by providing numerous academic and professional opportunities. Below you will find the details for the position currently available at UACCM including any supplementary documentation and questions you should review before applying for the opening.

If you have a disability and need assistance with the hiring process please submit a request via Email to: UACCMHRDept@uaccm.edu or by phone at (501) 208-5309 or (501) 977-2016. Applicants are required to submit a separate request for each position in which they have applied.

For general application assistance or if you have questions about a job posting, please contact Human Resources at UACCMHRDept@uaccm.edu or by phone at (501) 208-5309 or (501) 977-2016.

Department:
Science, Technology & Mathematics

Department's Website:

Summary of Job Duties:
Title: 9 Month Faculty- CIS

Appropriated Position: 9 Month Faculty

FLSA: Exempt

Safety Sensitive: Varies

Essential Worker: No

Provisional: No

The Instructor shall be responsible to the Vice Chancellor for Academic Services. Classes taught will include but are not limited to: Java Programming, Intro to Python, Intro to Javascript, Network Security, Ethical Hacking & Network Defense, and Intro to Program Logic & Language. The duties of all full-time faculty at UACCM include the following:

JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:

Teaching classes as assigned by the Vice Chancellor for Academic Services. Faculty will be expected to teach approximately 15 credit hours each semester. Faculty will be expected to meet each class for the full duration of each scheduled class period.

Maintaining office hours up to 15 hours a week to assure availability to students. In cases where an abundance of lab hours are required, an instructor's office hours will decrease. The instructor’s scheduled time on campus should total to a minimum of 30 hours per week.

Serving as advisor for students assigned to the instructor. This includes meeting with students to determine schedules, planning course of study to assure student can graduate in a timely manner, and referring student to the proper personnel for counseling, financial aid, etc.

Maintaining skills and knowledge within his or her area. Faculty will attend professional development activities on campus and can attend activities off campus.

Serving on standing and/or ad hoc committees as assigned by the administrative officers.

Keeping sufficient records to support grades assigned in all classes taught; submitting grades in a timely manner as required by the Registrar's Office.

Insuring that a syllabus for each course taught is on file in the office of the Division Chair and that any revisions made are on file.

Attending functions at the college as requested by administrative officers (graduation, open house, etc.).

Reviewing and selecting the textbooks and/or other materials needed for each course taught.

Serving as advisor for student organizations within the department (if applicable).

Actively cooperating with the Advisory Committee for his or her program (if applicable). Faculty are expected to incorporate Advisory Committee feedback as appropriate.

Demonstrating consistent professionalism with students and commitment to working cooperatively with campus personnel to fulfill the Mission of the College.

Completing all required reports, including but not limited to the Departmental Assessment Report and Faculty Self-Evaluation, within the prescribed time frame.

Other duties as assigned by the Vice Chancellor for Academic Services.

Qualifications:
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Possess an Associate's credential in a relevant field.
Three to five years of relevant work-related experience in the field.

Other job-related education and/or experience may be substituted for all or part of the minimum qualifications upon approval of the Chancellor.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Possess a Bachelor's credential in a relevant field
CompTIA Network+ Certification
CompTIA A+ Certification

Additional Information:

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Able to communicate effectively both orally and in writing to individuals and large groups.
Able to perform basic research, analyze information and prepare reports in a logical and informative manner.
Able to problem solve, organize and prioritize work, multi-task, and be flexible and accepting of change.
Able to work independently and cooperatively with a team to achieve the mission/goal.
Able to work effectively and cooperatively with people of various cultural backgrounds.

All employees at UACCM must have a commitment to work cooperatively with all campus personnel to fulfill the Mission of UACCM, and have the ability to deliver quality customer services.

Salary Information:
Commensurate with education and experience

Required Documents to Apply:
Cover Letter/Letter of Application, License or Certificate (see special instructions for submission instructions), List of three Professional References (name, email, business title), Resume, Statement of Teaching Philosophy, Unofficial/Official Transcript(s)

Optional Documents:

Special Instructions to Applicants:

Recruitment Contact Information:
Shelby Beck
Human Resources Analyst

All application materials must be uploaded to the University of Arkansas System Career Site
UASYS
Please do not send to listed recruitment contact.

Pre-employment Screening Requirements:
The University of Arkansas Community College at Morrilton (UACCM) is committed to providing a safe campus community. We conduct background checks for applicants being considered for employment. Background checks include a criminal background check, sex offender registry check, and drug screen. For certain positions, there may also be a financial (credit) background check and/or a Motor Vehicle Registry (MVR) check. A criminal conviction or arrest pending adjudication or adverse financial history information alone shall not disqualify an applicant in the absence of a relationship to the requirements of the position. Background check information will be used in a confidential, non-discriminatory manner consistent with state and federal law.
The University of Arkansas is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution. The University does not discriminate in its education programs or activities (including in admission and employment) on the basis of age, race, color, national origin, disability, religion, marital or parental status, protected veteran status, military service, genetic information, or sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity). Federal law prohibits the University from discriminating on these bases. Questions or concerns about the application of Title IX, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex, may be sent to the University's Title IX Coordinator and to the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights.
Persons must have proof of legal authority to work in the United States on the first day of employment.
All application information is subject to public disclosure under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act.

Constant Physical Activity:

Frequent Physical Activity:

Occasional Physical Activity:

Benefits Eligible:
Yes
Company Description
Louis Dreyfus Company is a leading merchant and processor of agricultural goods. Our activities span the entire value chain from farm to fork, across a broad range of business lines, we leverage our global reach and extensive asset network to serve our customers and consumers around the world. Structured as a matrix organization of six geographical regions and ten platforms, Louis Dreyfus Company is active in over 100 countries and employs approximately 17,000 people globally.
Job Description
Global Soybean and Meal Lead Analyst
Are you passionate about analyzing the global soybean and meal markets and identifying trade opportunities? Do you have strong analytical skills and experience in supporting risk management? If so, you might be the perfect candidate for our Global Soybean and Meal Lead Analyst position.
As a Global Soybean and Meal Lead Analyst, you will work directly with the respective Global Heads of Soybean and Meal to lead the fundamental analysis for key markets, such as China, Brazil, Argentina, and the US. You will provide support for risk management by developing supply and demand analysis/models, forecasting prices, and highlighting trade imbalances and potential trade opportunities. You will also communicate your findings and recommendations to internal stakeholders, such as traders and senior managers.
Key Responsibilities:
Provide analytical support to the Global Head of Soybean and Meal by leveraging fundamental supply and demand analyses for key markets, in collaboration with regional research teams and data science experts.
Identify and analyze key themes in the current trade environment and update the group on future trends that may impact the oilseeds market.
Apply modeling techniques and data analysis methods to obtain relevant insights and formulate effective trading recommendations based on economic trends and market conditions.
Identify profitable trading strategies in the agricultural space, leveraging sound fundamental analysis and exploring potential cash trading opportunities in domestic and international markets, as well as spread, flat price and relative value functions.
Regularly present balance sheet updates to the Product Line though conference calls, emails, and presentations.
Engage in daily communication with internal stakeholders, such as traders and senior managers, to provide updates on market trends and trading recommendations.
Work with Data Engineers and Data Scientists to improve the centralized research database with all available relevant supply, demand, premium, weather, logistics, etc data.

Experience
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in economics, finance, agriculture, or a related field. Advanced degree is preferred.
At least 7 years of experience in oilseeds commodity market analysis.
Ability to utilize data to anticipate and forecast future scenario outcomes.
Knowledge of statistical and econometric methods.
Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Excel and Word. Coding/python skills a plus.
Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritize workload.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment.
Self-motivated, detail-oriented, and adheres to high standards of intellectual honesty.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Additional Information
This position is hybrid in Wilton, CT.
On-site gym facilities and Cafe
What We Offer
We provide a dynamic and stimulating international environment, which will stretch and develop your abilities and channel your skills and expertise with outstanding career development opportunities in one of the largest and most solid private companies in the world.
Comprehensive benefits program including medical, dental and vision care coverage, flexible spending account plans, employee assistance program, life insurance and disability coverage
401k with Company Match
Family Friendly Benefits including childbirth and parental leave, fertility and family building benefits
Paid Time Off (PTO) and Paid Holidays
Hybrid work available (not applicable to all roles)
Diversity & Inclusion

LDC is driven by a set of shared values and high ethical standards, with diversity and inclusion being part of our DNA. LDC is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion.

LDC encourages diversity, supports local communities and environmental initiatives. We encourage people of all backgrounds to apply.
Equal employment opportunity (EEO)
Louis Dreyfus Company provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Sustainability

Sustainable value is at the heart of our purpose as a company.

We are passionate about creating fair and sustainable value, both for our business and for other value chain stakeholders: our people, our business partners, the communities we touch and the environment around us

Job Reference JR0072919
Professional Areas Trading Platforms
Function Trading
Contract Type Permanent
Years of Work Experience 5 - 8
Start date 2023-12-14
Postdoctoral Associate - Gore/Sun Labs
Cornell University embraces diversity and seeks candidates who will contribute to a climate that supports students, faculty and staff of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented and/or marginalized identities to apply.

The College of Agriculture and Life Sciences at Cornell University embraces diversity and seeks candidates who will contribute to a climate that supports students, faculty, and staff of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented and/or marginalized identities to apply.

The College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) is a pioneer of purpose-driven science and home to Cornell University’s second largest population of students, faculty and staff. We work across disciplines to tackle the challenges of our time through world-renowned research, education and outreach. The questions we probe and the answers we seek focus on three overlapping concerns: natural and human systems; food, energy and environmental resources; and social, physical and economic well-being. CALS is fundamentally invested in improving the lives of people, their environments and their communities both in New York state and around the world.

The CALS School of Integrative of Plant Science (SIPS) encompasses five fields: Horticulture, Plant Biology, Plant Breeding & Genetics, Plant Pathology and Plant-Microbe Biology, and Soil and Crop Sciences. Combined there are 100+ faculty, ~200 undergraduate majors, 200+ graduate students in six fields, and 600+ other employees located in Ithaca, Geneva, and other satellite locations across New York State. The School offers the multidisciplinary undergraduate major in the Plant Sciences and is also home to the Agricultural Sciences major. School faculty also contribute to the Biology, Global Development, and Viticulture & Enology majors.

Position Function:
The School of Integrative Plant Science at Cornell University is seeking a highly motivated postdoctoral associate to conduct interdisciplinary studies combining plant phenomics and genomics. The position is in the Sections of Plant Breeding and Genetics (Gore Lab) and Soil and Crop Science (Sun Lab). The successful applicant is expected to integrate physiological and environmental processes with genetic data to understand and forecast plant performance at different spatial and temporal scales. A special focus of this position is on the development and application of crop growth models from remote sensing data (e.g., Chlorophyll Fluorescence, Lidar, Hyperspectral) to enable genetic dissection and prediction of phenotypes related to plant productivity and adaptation to environmental changes. Other responsibilities of this position include trips to collaborator field sites and presenting original scientific results at meetings and in publications.

Anticipated Division of Time:
Analyzing Data 60%
Writing 25%
Mentoring 10%
Field Research 5%

Position requirements:
Ph.D. with research experience in an ecology, agriculture, climate, remote sensing, or computation-related field.
Proficiency in collecting and analyzing remote sensing datasets.
Extensive skills in big-data analysis, data mining, and statistics.
Programing experience in C, Matlab, R or Python.
Experience with plant physiology and phenotyping technologies.
Independence and project leadership skills.
Demonstrated contribution to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion initiatives.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with a strong publication record.
Preferred qualifications:
More than 3 years of experience in remote sensing, crop simulation models, or genetic analysis of genotype-by-environment interactions
Proficiency in developing and implementing complex computational pipelines on Linux operating systems and high-performance computing clusters.
A record of publication in the field of remote sensing and physiological modeling.
Experience in the use of APSIM/DSSAT models.
Supervision Exercised:
The position will include some supervision of undergraduate and graduate students involved in research on the project.

To apply:
Please apply via Academic Jobs Online (https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/24564).

Qualified candidates should submit a short cover letter, curriculum vitae, contact information for three references, and a statement of contribution to diversity, equity and inclusion via the website.

Applications will be reviewed as received, continuing until a suitable applicant is identified.

CALS hiring range for this title is $56,484

College of Agriculture and Life Sciences Life. Changing.

Cornell University is an innovative Ivy League university and a great place to work. Our inclusive community of scholars, students, and staff impart an uncommon sense of larger purpose and contribute creative ideas to further the university's mission of teaching, discovery, and engagement.

Diversity and Inclusion are a part of Cornell University’s heritage. We are a recognized employer and educator valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities. We also recognize a lawful preference in employment practices for Native Americans living on or near Indian reservations.

Pay Range:
$54,840.00 - $75,000.00
Pay Ranges:
The hiring rate of pay for the successful candidate will be determined considering the following criteria:
Prior relevant work or industry experience.
Education level to the extent education is relevant to the position.
Academic Discipline (faculty pay ranges reflects 9-month annual salary)
Unique applicable skills.
Familiarize yourself with Cornell's COVID-19 workplace guidance as well as the university's COVID-19 services and information.

Employment Assistance:
For general questions about the position or the application process, please contact the Recruiter listed in the job posting or email mycareer@cornell.edu.
If you require an accommodation for a disability in order to complete an employment application or to participate in the recruiting process, you are encouraged to contact Cornell University's Office of Institutional Equity and Title IX at voice (607) 255-2242, or email at equity@cornell.edu.
Applicants that do not have internet access are encouraged to visit your local library, or local Department of Labor. You may also visit the office of Workforce Recruitment and Retention Monday - Friday between the hours of 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. to use a dedicated workstation to complete an online application.
Notice to Applicants:
Please read the required Notice to Applicants statement by clicking here. This notice contains important information about applying for a position at Cornell as well as some of your rights and responsibilities as an applicant.
EEO Statement:
Diversity and Inclusion are a part of Cornell University’s heritage. We are a recognized employer and educator valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. We also recognize a lawful preference in employment practices for Native Americans living on or near Indian reservations. Cornell University is an innovative Ivy League university and a great place to work. Our inclusive community of scholars, students, and staff impart an uncommon sense of larger purpose, and contribute creative ideas to further the university's mission of teaching, discovery, and engagement.
2023-03-21
Bloomberg runs on data. Our products are fueled by powerful information. We combine data and context to paint the whole picture for our clients, around the clock - from around the world. In Data, we are responsible for delivering this data, news and analytics through innovative technology - quickly and accurately. We apply problem-solving skills to identify innovative workflow efficiencies, and we implement technology solutions to enhance our systems, products and processes - all while providing platinum customer support to our clients.

In the Commodities Data Team, we're responsible for on-boarding, analyzing, applying and supplying it to our clients for their financial and commodity data needs. More than 320,000 business leaders rely on the real time financial information available on the Bloomberg Professional Service. Our products run on intelligence and insight provided by the Commodities team. Our team of analysts influence decisions and move the markets every day.

We are responsible for the data management of datasets across power and gas, oil, agriculture and metals. The team provides relevant, timely, and accurate data to empower customers to drive their analysis of commodity markets, both pricing and fundamentals.

The Role
The Commodities Data team has an exciting opportunity for a global manager to lead the Commodities teams in Princeton, London, Latin America and multiple Asia Pacific offices. Your team will own the data management, quality and timely delivery of content, while also growing our data offering by identifying and on-boarding complementary data sets. You and your team will be expected to drive the data strategy, aligning with our clients and key partners to understand their evolving needs, setting proactive strategies for our commodities coverage; around critical areas such as: power & gas demand and supply, outage data, and carbon.

From a technical perspective, your team will be required to research new data sets to expand the coverage of our product, focused on data modelling and ETL software skills. This position requires extensive collaboration with global colleagues, and partners across all business units including Business Managers, News, Bloomberg Intelligence & Economists, Sales & Analytics, our Data Governance team, and Engineering.

Open to working in either our NYC or Princeton, NJ office location!

We'll trust you to:
Build and lead global teams with multiple team leaders and senior-level individual contributors reporting directly to you
Recruit, mentor, and develop a team of commodities analysts responsible for high-quality data, data modelling, content curation, and generating new client solutions
Collaborate with global counterparts and leadership to evolve the role, workflow, and operating procedures to ensure consistency in data quality and timeliness across regions
Collaborate extensively with internal partners (Core Product, Bloomberg Economists, Bloomberg News, Financial Products, and Engineering) to drive adoption and integration amongst our clients
Bring expertise across commodity markets (and datasets) to drive Bloomberg's data strategy, establish specific OKRs to build market-leading offerings
Have meaningful client interactions to build trust, understand their needs, and drive overall product strategy
Stay up to date on industry trends and latest developments in the financial market along with a deep understanding of our clients' workflows
Build an inclusive team culture
You'll need to have:
6+ years of experience in management, successfully leading diverse teams
Demonstrated experience leading product development and/or sales experience focused on bringing data solutions to clients in financial services
Bachelor's degree, preferably in STEM, or related business / finance field
Knowledge of commodity markets (energy, metals & mining, emissions & carbon, or agriculture)
Experience working with time series or other large datasets, be able to quantify the trends impacting the industry, and provide information that can aid commercial decisions
Proven ability to establish strong credibility and build influential relationships with multiple internal and external clients and partners
Solid grasp of data management principles and technologies such as data modelling, data analysis skills to tell a narrative and/or make data-driven insights
Excellent communication skills, allowing you to clearly communicate business and client needs, and to advocate on behalf of your team
Vision to align your team's goals around providing outstanding service to Bloomberg's clients and other internal partners, and the ability to implement with a strategy that supports the business while motivating your team
Creative and flexible approach to problem solving, aided by strong data analysis skills

Please note we use years of experience as a guide, but we certainly will consider applications from all candidates who are able to demonstrate the skills necessary for the role.

We'd love to see:
Experience or knowledge in Bloomberg terminal proficiency, and/or Bloomberg Data workflows
Professional experience in commodity markets, knowledge on power and gas markets preferred
Experience in semantic structures to model the commodities domain and drive the interoperability across datasets
Experience in SQL, Python, and other data analysis tools
If this sounds like you:
Apply if you think we're a good match! We'll get in touch with you to let you know what the next steps are.

Bloomberg is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender identity or expression, genetic predisposition or carrier status, marital status, national or ethnic origin, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, parental or caring status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy or maternity/ parental leave, protected veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, or any other classification protected by applicable law.

Bloomberg provides reasonable adjustment/accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable adjustment/accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable adjustment/accommodation include but are not limited to making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you would prefer to discuss this confidentially, please email AMER_recruit@bloomberg.net (Americas), EMEA_recruit@bloomberg.net (Europe, the Middle East and Africa), or APAC_recruit@bloomberg.net (Asia-Pacific), based on the region you are submitting an application for.

Salary Range: 165,000 - 220,000 USD Annually + Benefits + Bonus

The referenced salary range is based on the Company's good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level.

We offer one of the most comprehensive and generous benefits plans available and offer a range of total rewards that may include merit increases, incentive compensation [Exempt roles only], paid holidays, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, short and long term disability benefits, 401(k) +match, life insurance, and various wellness programs, among others. The Company does not provide benefits directly to contingent workers/contractors and interns.
Description
Title: Instructor (Computer Science)
Position Number: 84335
Hiring Unit: College of Natural & Health Sciences
Location: UH-Hilo
Date Posted: October 4, 2023
Closing Date: Continuous recruitment, first review November 15, 2023 and will continue until the position is filled.
Salary Information: Commensurate with qualification and experience
Monthly Type: 9-month
Tenure-Track: Non-Tenure
Full Time/Part Time: Full-time
Temporary/Permanent: Permanent
Other Conditions: Appointment to begin approximately August 2024, pending position clearance and availability of funding.
The University of Hawai’i at Hilo (UH Hilo) is a state university with a private college atmosphere. We offer small class sizes, a diverse student body, and a low student-to-faculty ratio. We are located in the colorful town of Hilo, which is surrounded by natural beauty on the Big Island of Hawai’i. Ten of the 14 world climate zones exist on the Island of Hawai?i, making it a living laboratory for the study of volcanoes, astronomy, agriculture, marine science, and other natural sciences. UH Hilo has consistently ranked #1 as one of the "Most Diverse National Universities" by U.S. News & World Report in its 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 Best Colleges Rankings. U.S. News & World Report, 2023 Best Colleges Rankings.
The successful candidate will be able to make an impact on a small but dynamic CS department, and also have the opportunity to contribute to a growing and expanding data science program.
Duties and Responsibilities
Primarily teach lower-division Computer Science (CS) and/or lower-division Data Science (DATA) courses. Examples include courses on basic data science skills, web technology, introductory programming, etc.
Teach other CS and/or DATA core courses as necessary
Maintain and update course curricula and teaching/learning materials for courses as new technologies become available
Participate in on-going course and curriculum development activities in the department as a whole
Advise students and maintain office hours
Carry out other duties as assigned
Minimum Qualifications
Master’s or higher degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Technology, Data Science or a closely related discipline
2. Ability to communicate clearly in written and spoken English
3. Experience in teaching (or serving as a teaching assistant for) CS and/or DATA courses.
4. Experience with practical data science projects or data science research.
5. Proficient in Python or R as well as at least one other object-oriented programming language

Desirable Qualifications
Evidence of high-quality undergraduate instruction (e.g. course evaluations) in CS and/or DATA courses
Experience with improving their teaching based on student/faculty feedback
Data Science teaching experience
Industry or research experience related to computer science or data science
Previous experience teaching, studying, or doing research in a small college/university setting
To Apply:
Click on the "Apply" button on the top right corner of the screen to complete an application and attach required documents. A complete application must include: 1) a one (1) page cover letter addressing how minimum and desirable qualifications are met; 2) a current curriculum vita (clearly listing courses that have been taught in the past, as well as past projects and industry/research experience); 3) a statement of teaching philosophy and teaching experience; 4) evidence of high-quality teaching; 5) names & addresses, email addresses and phone numbers of three (3) contact information for three (3) current professional references (including names, addresses, e-mail addresses); References must submit professional letters of reference directly to Dr. Mandel; tmandel@hawaii.edu. At least one letter needs to specifically address the applicant’s ability to teach; 6) academic transcripts (copies are acceptable; however, official transcripts are required prior to employment). Please do not include any self-identifying photos; please redact references to Social Security number and birthdates on transcript copies. All requested documents/information become the property of the University. All minimum qualifications must be met by the time of hire. Incomplete applications will not be considered. Failure to submit all required documents and reference information shall deem an application to be incomplete.
Note: If you have not applied for a position before using NeoGov, you will need to create an account.
Inquiries: Dr. Travis Mandel; tmandel@hwaii.edu
EEO/AA, Clery Act, ADA
The University of Hawai'i is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Institution and is committed to a policy of nondiscrimination on the basis of race, sex, gender identity and expression, age, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, genetic information, marital status, breastfeeding, income assignment for child support, arrest and court record (except as permissible under State law), sexual orientation, domestic or sexual violence victim status, national guard absence, or status as a covered veteran.
Overview:
AIR is currently seeking a Senior Researcher Climate Change to lead research and evaluation projects and research proposals focused on resilience, climate change mitigation, and climate change adaptation efforts. The senior researcher will primarily focus on research and evaluations in low-and middle-income countries. The position will involve collaborating closely with AIR’s climate change research director to look for strategic research and evaluation opportunities in AIR’s country offices in Kenya, Ethiopia, and Mexico. In addition, it will include building strong relationships with the four program areas of the international development division (IDD): 1) food security, agriculture, and nutrition, 2) gender and social protection, 3) education, and 4) labor and workforce development as well as AIR’s pipeline partnership program, which includes collaborations with the University of Nairobi and the University of Dar es Salaam. The senior researcher can also contribute to looking for climate change mitigation and adaptation opportunities in the United States.

AIR’s IDD strives to improve the quality of life in low-and middle-income countries by using rigorous research, evaluations, and data science to enhance food security, nutrition, gender equality, labor market and education outcomes for example by focusing on climate change adaptation and mitigation. We work across a wide range of topics including agriculture/food security /nutrition, global health, workforce development, early childhood development, education, refugees and migration, social protection, water/sanitation/infrastructure, and women's empowerment in Africa, Asia, the Caribbean, Europe, Central and Latin America as well as the Middle East. The IDD generates policy-relevant evidence through rigorous research, evaluations, and data science; helps improve program design through continuous learning and adaptation; and works with local organizations and governments to build sustainable solutions based on evidence.

Candidates hired for the position may work remotely within the United States (U.S.) or from one of our U.S. office locations.

About AIR:

Established in 1946, with headquarters in Arlington, Virginia, AIR is a nonpartisan, not-for-profit institution that conducts behavioral and social science research and delivers technical assistance to solve some of the most urgent challenges in the U.S. and around the world. We advance evidence in the areas of education, health, the workforce, human services, and international development to create a better, more equitable world.

AIR’s commitment to diversity goes beyond legal compliance to its full integration in our strategy, operations, and work environment. At AIR, we define diversity broadly, considering everyone’s unique life and community experiences. We believe that embracing diverse perspectives, abilities/disabilities, racial/ethnic and cultural backgrounds, styles, ages, genders, gender identities and expressions, education backgrounds, and life stories drives innovation and employee engagement. Learn more about AIR's Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Strategy and hear from our staff by clicking here.
Responsibilities:
The responsibilities for the position include:
Lead and contribute to research, evaluation, and data science projects related to climate change as part of the expanded research and evaluation portfolio.
Lead and contribute to proposal development on climate change for the US government, UN organizations, and foundations in close collaboration with a team of climate change and social science researchers
Closely collaborate and seek partnerships with researchers conducting impact evaluations in international development, health, education, and workforce development
Manage and analyze large-scale data files for research.
Quantitative data collection, collation and analysis
Organize and document analytic results and research procedures.
Prepare technical reports and journal articles and present findings to clients, professional associations, and the public.
Mentor research analysts by sharing approaches to solving concrete problems and provide feedback on the work of others.
Serve as client contact for expertise on resilience and climate change.
Qualifications:
Education, Knowledge, and Experience:
PhD or MSc in climate science, environmental science, or agricultural economics or other relevant degree.
A minimum of 3 years of experience with a PhD or a minimum of 7 years’ experience with a MSc in conducting research on climate change, agriculture, and environmental topics, preferably for the US government, foundations, and UN organizations.
Experience leading research and evaluations related to climate change, agriculture, and the environment globally and preferably also in the United States.
Knowledge of the major policy recommendations discussed as part of the IPCC.
Knowledge and experience conducting impact evaluations and/or systematic reviews of climate-smart agriculture and other climate change related interventions, both globally and in the United States is preferred but not required.
Knowledge of using Python and R for climate change modeling is preferred but not required.
Experience contributing to projects for USAID is preferred but not required.
Skills:
Proven ability to work independently and as part of a team; must be a team player and demonstrate a sense of responsibility and sensitivity in dealing with diverse audiences.
Good communication skills with the ability to work effectively with others in a virtual work environment.
Comfortable working independently and as a member of a team with individuals at all levels and from diverse backgrounds.
Excellent organizational and planning skills to meet quality standards under strict deadlines.

Disclosures:

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.

AIR adheres to strict child safeguarding principles. All selected candidates will be expected to adhere to these standards and principles and will therefore undergo reference and background checks.

AIR’s Total Rewards Program, is designed to reward our staff competitively and motivate them to achieve our critical mission. This position offers an anticipated annual salary of $118,000 to $145,000. Salary offers are made based on internal equity within the institution and external equity with competitive markets. Please note this is the annual salary range for candidates that are based in the United States.

AIR maintains a drug-free work environment.

#LI-MP1 #LI-Remote

Fraudulent Job Scams Warning & Disclaimer:

AIR is aware of individuals falsely presenting themselves as AIR representatives. Fraudulent job scams seek to extract sensitive information or money from victims. To protect yourself, please be aware that AIR recruitment will only email you from an “@air.org” domain. Please take extra caution while examining the email address, for example jdoe @air.org is correct and jdoe @aircareers.org is not a legitimate AIR email address . If you are unsure of the legitimacy of a communication you have received, please reach out to recruitment@air.org.

If you see a job scam, or lose money to one, report it to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) at ReportFraud.ftc.gov. You can also report it to your state attorney general. Find out more about how to avoid scams at ftc.gov/scams.
Requisition Number:
51852
Location:
Boulder, Colorado
City
Boulder
State
Colorado
Employment Type:
Research Faculty
Schedule:
Full-Time
Date Posted:
29-Sep-2023
Job Summary
The Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences—a collaboration between the University of Colorado Boulder and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration-–is seeking a Post-Doctoral Associate to perform chemical data assimilation of satellite-remote sensing observations of greenhouse gas (GHG) and air quality (AQ) species. Specifically, this project will investigate the capabilities of a future low earth orbiting satellite constellation that encompasses the ultraviolet–visible–near infrared– thermal infrared (UV-VIS-NIR-TIR) for tracking emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4), and for performing source attribution by leveraging correlations across co-emitted trace gasses such as nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and ammonia (NH3). A multi-species approach aids in attribution of GHG and AQ emissions to key sectors, such as fossil fuel combustion (e.g., transportation), oil and gas operations, and agriculture, as well as quantifying co-benefits of mitigating GHGs and AQ species.
The University of Colorado Boulder is committed to building a culturally diverse community of faculty, staff, and students dedicated to contributing to an inclusive campus environment. We are an Equal Opportunity employer, including veterans and individuals with disabilities.
Who We Are
CIRES is an internationally recognized leader in innovative environmental science and research and is located at the University of Colorado Boulder. At CIRES, more than 950 environmental science professionals work to understand the dynamic Earth system, including people’s relationship with the planet. CIRES has partnered with NOAA since 1967, and our areas of expertise include weather and climate, changes at Earth’s poles, air quality and atmospheric chemistry, water resources, solid Earth sciences, and more. Our vision is to be instrumental in ensuring a sustainable future environment by advancing scientific and societal understanding of the Earth system.
The mission of the NOAA Chemical Sciences Laboratory (CSL) is to advance scientific understanding of the chemical and physical processes that affect Earth’s atmospheric composition. CSL’s vision is a nation that has the needed scientific understanding and information about atmospheric composition to make optimal decisions for the well-being of current and future generations.
What Your Key Responsibilities Will Be
Perform chemical data assimilation using a global model (e.g., GEOS-Chem) with 4D variational techniques, including ingestion of satellite data.
Actively work with a multitude of atmospheric composition satellite datasets (e.g., GOSAT/GOSAT-2, CrIS + OMPS, TROPOMI), along with airborne field campaign data collected by NOAA and NASA.
Perform Observing System Simulation Experiments (OSSEs) and real satellite data experiments to demonstrate future capabilities of UV-VIS-NIR-TIR in tracking GHG-AQ emission sources onboard future NOAA satellites.
Present findings at scientific meetings and communicate results by leading a peer-reviewed journal article.
What You Should Know
This is a 12-month appointment with the possibility of extension depending on funding and performance.
If you are selected for this position you will be required to pass a federal laboratory background clearance.
Candidates must be able to start work at a time which ensures project milestones can be delivered by late Spring 2024.
What We Can Offer
CIRES offers a generous compensation package.
The annual hiring salary range for this position is $64,000- $68,000. Salary is commensurate with education and years of experience and determined based on our CIRES internal career track classification.
Relocation funds are available for this role following CIRES and the University of Colorado Boulder’s rules and regulations for relocation reimbursement.
This position can accommodate a hybrid work modality.
CIRES and the University of Colorado Boulder offer a robust training curriculum, opportunities for professional development and a Mentorship Program.
Boulder is a vibrant community with access to mountain parks, dog parks, miles of trails, rivers, lakes, cafes, restaurants, boutiques, theaters, museums, and sports venues. Boulder was recently ranked as one of the top places to live in the U.S. by U.S. News.
As an employee at CU Boulder, you receive a pass allowing free access to the regional public transit system, which is an outstanding network of buses and light rail systems that provide service within Boulder and connect to Denver, the Denver airport, and surrounding communities.
Benefits
The University of Colorado offers excellent benefits, including medical, dental, retirement, paid time off, tuition benefit and ECO Pass. The University of Colorado Boulder is one of the largest employers in Boulder County and offers an inspiring higher education environment. Learn more about the University of Colorado Boulder.
Be Statements
Be curious. Be impactful. Be Boulder.
What We Require
Requirements include, at a minimum, a Ph.D. in environmental or mechanical engineering, atmospheric sciences, computer science or a related field.
What You Will Need
Ability to produce chemical data assimilation simulations, and communicate and interpret the results, with a minimum of guidance.
Ability to lead the preparation of peer-reviewed manuscripts and present findings at conferences.
Ability and desire to contribute to an inclusive and collaborative work environment.
What We Would Like You to Have
We invite applicants to apply even if they do not have the preferred skills and experience outlined in this section. If you meet the minimum qualifications and have passion for the work, you are encouraged to apply. We encourage on-the-job training for any additional skills or knowledge that become relevant to the position.
Experience is sought in atmospheric modeling, data assimilation, and/or remote sensing analysis is desired. Strong programming skills (e.g., Python, FORTRAN, etc.), or prior experience with chemical data assimilation is desired.
Special Instructions
To apply, please submit the following materials:
Resume or CV.
Cover letter addressed to the Search Committee briefly describing your qualifications, professional goals, and specific interest in this position.
Please do not include letters of recommendation with the original application. If you are identified as a finalist for this role, the search committee will request 3 letters of recommendation at a later time.
If you are selected as the finalist, your degree will be verified by the CU Boulder Campus Human Resources department using an approved online vendor. If your degree was obtained outside of the United States, please submit a translated version (if applicable) as an optional attachment.
This position will remain posted until finalists have been identified. Applications received by October 15 will receive full consideration.
Note: Application materials will not be accepted via email. For consideration, applications must be submitted through CU Boulder Jobs.
Posting Contact Information
Posting Contact Name: Arthur Mizzi
Posting Contact Email: arthur.mizzi@colorado.edu
Job Summary:
At Volaris, our business is to acquire, strengthen, and grow vertical market technology businesses. The position that we are looking to fill will join our cyber security team that oversees the cyber maturity, governance, risk management and compliance (GRC) state of our group of businesses (and there is quite a few) no matter their industry, size, or complexity.

We are a small team with a broad remit, and we are looking for an experienced GRC specialist to join the crew. This is a senior position, and so you must be comfortable identifying, justifying, shaping and driving forward multiple GRC projects, autonomously.

You will have experience of designing, building and deploying GRC solutions including Assessments, Audits, Issues, Risk, Attestations, and associated Integrations, as well as maintaining administrative oversight. You will have the capability to identify key risk and performance indicators and to deliver management information on IT or security program performance to various stakeholders.

Digital transformation is redefining every industry, from health, education and finance to agriculture, and transport. Our businesses feed in to these industries and are intrinsically connected.

We believe that for new technologies to be successfully adopted and safely embedded into our customer base, we must ensure the trustworthiness of our products and services.

Organizations like ours, selling and operating these technologies must demonstrate that they have considered relevant threats, vulnerabilities, and risks. They must also demonstrate compliance to the applicable standards, laws and regulations. Each organization must not only address these issues for itself, but across its product line and indeed the entire supply chain.

We are on a mission to improve our risk and compliance practices. By doing so, our businesses can better connect people with technology, and ensure that the technology lives up to expectations both in terms of maximizing benefits and minimizing downside.
Job Description:
We are looking for a talented GRC solutions architect with a rock-solid understanding of all thing’s GRC, an inquisitive analytical mindset along with a can-do attitude and the experience to back it up. The GRC Senior Solution Architect role will allow you to gain unique experience working in a multi-organizational environment that is driving toward technological innovation in the risk, compliance, and cyber security domains. This is an exciting role that is integral to the ongoing success of the company. It is a great opportunity for rising stars to join a fast-growing, and fast-moving company, with massive scope for career progression and opportunity to become a key Volaris player.
As a Senior Solution Architect at Volaris Group, you will work closely with the internal stakeholders across the organization as well as be the conduit to the GRC product’s engineering and customer success teams to help champion our requirements.
Key Responsibilities:
You will be the Subject Matter Expert (SME) in all things GRC and will run the program, and therefore also provide advice & guidance as required
You will be knowledgeable in various security and privacy frameworks – sufficient enough to advise & guide others
Examples include: GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA, PCI, ISO 27001, SOC II, NIST 800-53
Enhance and improve risk management oversight
Updating key business stakeholders of risk and non-conformance, and provide advise and guidance to mitigate
Defining the applicable assessment and cadence for different markets and risk profiles
Support VBU’s through product demos and technical discussions with key stakeholders
Fielding support requests from users via in-app chat requests, emails, and meetings
Driving the corporate GRC initiatives through to completion
Assisting businesses (VBU’s) overcome any challenges they encounter in their GRC journey
Leading client onboarding and enablement calls with new customers
Host live training sessions for customers
Feeding customer issues back to the product and engineering teams
Updating users on new features, enhancements, and bug fixes
Integrating security toolset API’s in to the GRC toolset
We are looking for people who…
Have managed a GRC service previously, (very desirable) or
Have multiple years’ experience of customer support/success in the GRC space (preferably 6Clicks)
Have a background in IT and/or Information Security and/or Data Privacy (very desirable)
Have used scripting languages to automate repetitive/integration tasks (e.g. Javascript, Python, Ruby, PHP)
Have a keen interest in technology and applying intelligent solutions to difficult challenges
Have solid communication skills including both verbal and writing skills
Is happy to work in a fast-moving environment with hard deadlines
Is a team player that can also take an idea and run with it solo, while ascertaining feedback from the appropriate stakeholders when required
Enjoys a good laugh
Key Selection Criteria
3-5 years’ experience in GRC product solutions, and/or GRC customer support
3-5 years' experience in an IT/Information Security or Data Privacy related role
Automation and integration skills
Exceptional ability to effectively communicate and foster positive business relationships with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Experience, or demonstrable skill working with technology, including integrations
Strong organizational and time management skills, ability to self-organize and deliver results efficiently and effectively across many clients is a must
Demonstrable strong verbal and written communication skills. This is essential!
Ability to establish and deliver on milestones with little direction
Experience, or demonstrable skill, in uplifting processes
Deep ability to relate to people, understand needs and align with solutions
What we will give you in return
Flexible working arrangements
Unparalleled experience in rapid innovation and business growth
Coaching and mentoring from leaders in their field
Direct line of sight to the value of your contribution
International travel opportunities
Worker Type:
Regular
Number of Openings Available:
0
Computational Plant Biology Postdoctoral Associate | School of Integrative Plant Science, CALS
Cornell University embraces diversity and seeks candidates who will contribute to a climate that supports students, faculty and staff of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented and/or marginalized identities to apply.

Computational Plant Biology Postdoctoral Associate
School of Integrative Plant Science

The College of Agriculture and Life Sciences at Cornell University embraces diversity and seeks candidates who will contribute to a climate that supports students, faculty, and staff of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented and/or marginalized identities to apply.
The College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) is a pioneer of purpose-driven science and home to Cornell University’s second largest population of students, faculty and staff. We work across disciplines to tackle the challenges of our time through world-renowned research, education and outreach. The questions we probe and the answers we seek focus on three overlapping concerns: natural and human systems; food, energy and environmental resources; and social, physical and economic well-being. CALS is fundamentally invested in improving the lives of people, their environments and their communities both in New York state and around the world.

The CALS School of Integrative of Plant Science (SIPS) encompasses five fields: Horticulture, Plant Biology, Plant Breeding & Genetics, Plant Pathology and Plant-Microbe Biology, and Soil and Crop Sciences. Combined there are 100+ faculty, ~200 undergraduate majors, 200+ graduate students in six fields, and 600+ other employees located in Ithaca, Geneva, and other satellite locations across New York State. The School offers the multidisciplinary undergraduate major in the Plant Sciences and is also home to the Agricultural Sciences major. School faculty also contribute to the Biology, Global Development, and Viticulture & Enology majors.

This advertisement seeks to fill an open postdoctoral position in the Moghe Lab in the Plant Biology Section at Cornell University. Our lab is interested in predictive biology of plant specialized metabolism to enable better characterization of the vast phytochemical diversity, and to identify novel genetic strategies for making sustainable agrochemicals and nature-derived drugs. Our research spans the fields of computational biology, biochemistry, genomics, evolutionary biology, and agricultural science, and we have a solid track record of publications in well-regarded journals. We also engage actively with the global phytochemistry community through the Phytochemical Section at the Botanical Society of America, the PhytochemTalks seminar series and other avenues. More information about the Moghe Lab research program can be found at https://www.moghelab.org.

The project associated with this position is a collaborative effort between the Moghe Lab and the labs of Drs. Jocelyn Rose (Cornell University) and Arjun Khakhar (Colorado State University), integrating aspects of plant physiology, crop engineering and synthetic biology. The postdoc will have significant networking and mentoring opportunities from working in this collaborative environment.

Position Function
This position requires a PhD graduate with expertise in computational biology focusing on genomic tools. The project involves interfacing with global protein function and organismal databases such as UniProt, Gene Ontology, TAIR and Sol Genomics Network, developing novel computational pipelines for predicting enzyme function, and deploying such tools for public use via in-house and external platforms. The ideal candidate will have substantial experience working on HPC servers, will be able to code in Python with at least some R experience, have prior experience with machine learning algorithms, and will have a track record of publications. Having some prior wet-lab experience is additionally preferable but not required.

The researcher will work in a highly collaborative environment and have opportunities to mentor graduate students and undergrads, present at national/international conferences, attend workshops, participate in other collaborative projects and enhance their teaching credentials through occasional guest lectures. Given the multi-disciplinary nature of the lab, the researcher will also have opportunities to learn foundational wet-lab approaches, learn about LC-MS and cheminformatic data analyses, and participate in/develop other projects, making them highly competitive for future academic or industry careers.

This is a one-year term appointment with extension possible based on performance, funding and available work. The expected start date is flexible between June 1 – August 1, 2023.

Anticipated Division of Time
75% : Research as described above
15% : Manuscript preparation, presentations
10% : Mentoring and professional development.

Requirements
PhD in Plant Biology, Computational Biology, Biochemistry, Genetics or other related field.
Required skills:
Ability to work independently in Unix-based HPC systems
Expertise in coding in Python
Expertise in comparative genomics tools and approaches
Expert understanding of molecular evolution concepts
Experience with implementing machine learning algorithms
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Evidence of performing high-quality research individually and as part of a team
Preferred skills:
Experience with Python Django, R Shiny and Docker
Experience with development and deployment of web tools
Prior experience performing molecular biology work
Supervision Exercised
The researcher will be expected to me mentor undergraduate and/or early graduate students.

To apply:
Please apply via Academic Jobs Online at https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/24706. Qualified candidates should submit their curriculum vitae, 1-2 page Research Statement, list of publications, contact information for two references and a statement of contribution to diversity, equity and inclusion via the website.

Applications will be reviewed as received, continuing until a suitable applicant is identified.

CALS hiring range for this title is $56,484 and is based on NIH salary scale for postdocs commensurate with experience and qualifications. This is a full-employment position at Cornell University receiving fringe benefits including health insurance, retirement benefits, life insurance and childcare grants.

College of Agriculture and Life Sciences
Life. Changing.

Pay Range:
$54,840.00 - $75,000.00
Pay Ranges:
The hiring rate of pay for the successful candidate will be determined considering the following criteria:
Prior relevant work or industry experience.
Education level to the extent education is relevant to the position.
Academic Discipline (faculty pay ranges reflects 9-month annual salary)
Unique applicable skills.
Familiarize yourself with Cornell's COVID-19 workplace guidance as well as the university's COVID-19 services and information.

Employment Assistance:
For general questions about the position or the application process, please contact the Recruiter listed in the job posting or email mycareer@cornell.edu.
If you require an accommodation for a disability in order to complete an employment application or to participate in the recruiting process, you are encouraged to contact Cornell University's Office of Institutional Equity and Title IX at voice (607) 255-2242, or email at equity@cornell.edu.
Applicants that do not have internet access are encouraged to visit your local library, or local Department of Labor. You may also visit the office of Workforce Recruitment and Retention Monday - Friday between the hours of 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. to use a dedicated workstation to complete an online application.
Notice to Applicants:
Please read the required Notice to Applicants statement by clicking here. This notice contains important information about applying for a position at Cornell as well as some of your rights and responsibilities as an applicant.
EEO Statement:
Diversity and Inclusion are a part of Cornell University’s heritage. We are a recognized employer and educator valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. We also recognize a lawful preference in employment practices for Native Americans living on or near Indian reservations. Cornell University is an innovative Ivy League university and a great place to work. Our inclusive community of scholars, students, and staff impart an uncommon sense of larger purpose, and contribute creative ideas to further the university's mission of teaching, discovery, and engagement.
2023-04-17
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-SE-2023-0483A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/5/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications are reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), located in Charleston, South Carolina.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is part of the ARS project on developing drought tolerant watermelon germplasm. The overall project objective is to implement genomic technologies to improve watermelon germplasm and elite cultivars for drought tolerance. This project offers a unique challenge in implementing novel phenotyping and genotyping approaches to enhance abiotic stress in watermelon cultivars using germplasm collected in the wild. The candidate will be assigned to the project to help conduct extensive phenotyping of watermelon roots using digital technology, collect and analyze data useful for genomic prediction and genotype imputation. Under the guidance of a mentor, research activities will include research in development of prediction models and analysis of empirical data. The appointment will involve close collaboration with plant physiologists and bioinformatics team at ARS, Clemson University, and the Boyce Thompson Institute (Cornell University). The successful candidate is expected to produce quality research to be published in open-access, peer-reviewed journals relevant to the field, as well communicate within the network of the cucurbit community.
Learning Objectives: As part of this opportunity, the participant will gain experience and knowledge in scientific research related to phenotyping, computer/digital Imaging and analysis, plant genetics, plant physiology, and statistical designs and analyses.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is Amnon Levi (amnon.levi@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2, 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for six months, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR) only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.Southeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Knowledge in operating digital hardware and software.
Knowledge in biology.
Knowledge in experimental design and analysis, statistics, computer software programing skills like R, or Python.
Knowledge and skills to apply phenotypic and genetic data and statistical analysis methodology.
An experience with integration of high-dimensional phenotypic and genomic datasets to discover gene loci/genomic regions associated with complex traits in crop plants.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics

Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-PNWRS-2023-0209
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted. Selected candidate must provide proof of completion of the degree before the appointment can start.
A current resume/CV, including Cover Letter (please upload with CV/resume)
A writing sample such as a publication, paper submitted for a course, or thesis chapter (upload sample in Writing area)
Two educational or professional recommendations. At least one recommendation must be submitted in order for the mentor to view your application.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis, and this opportunity could close before the application deadline. Please feel free to check in with the mentor on this.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: This fellowship is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Pacific Northwest Research Station.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
Research Project: This research opportunity is at the Pacific Northwest Research Station's Corvallis Forestry Sciences Laboratory, a world-class facility on the Oregon State University campus adjacent to the OSU College of Forestry — and a nexus of forestry and research connections with a vibrant community of federal researchers and professionals from the PNW Research Station, USGS, the Siuslaw National Forest and with faculty and graduate student researchers in the College.
You will evaluate responses of west coast forest ecosystems to fires over the past 20 years, leveraging a large dataset constructed from over two decades of repeated measurements of permanent inventory plots in forest that burned. Through your analysis of this spatially balanced, statistically representative sample, you will contribute to our understanding of both immediate fire impacts, centered on tree mortality and carbon dynamics, and carbon and management-relevant aspects of post-fire trajectories. We'll also investigate post-fire trajectories to understand 1) post-fire dead wood dynamics and their implications for wildlife habitat, carbon pools, and future fire behavior; 2) post-fire forest structural and community dynamics, including describing post-fire vegetation development without active management under different pre-fire structural conditions and wildfire burn severities; and 3) early seral habitats initiated by fires of varying severity across a gradient of pre-fire stand structures. Summarizing and building models from this data across nearly 1000 forest inventory plots that span broad gradients in climate, forest type, and fire severity will allow us to generalize findings more broadly to west coast forests that have not yet burned or have burned quite recently. Collaborating with manager, practitioner and academic co-producers within this research initiative will ensure that findings inform post-fire management that can more effectively address future fire hazard, regeneration needs, habitat development and delivery of climate mitigation benefits.
Learning Objectives: Learning objectives for the project include understanding how west coast forest ecosystems and the climate benefits we count on them to deliver respond to and develop following wildfire disturbance, and exploiting the knowledge attained to guide post-fire management under actively shifting climate and fire patterns. You will also gain experience analyzing and modeling many kinds of inventory re-measurement data, gain broad perspectives on forest management through engagement with managers and practitioners, and improve communication skills and experience by sharing information developed with management, professional and scientific communities via presentations and publishing findings in journals, reports and electronically delivered visualizations.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Jeremy Fried (jeremy.s.fried@usda.gov). Please contact him with any questions about this research opportunity.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible (can be earlier, and potentially later) and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds. Funding is currently available for two years.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience, ranging from $63,000 - $77,000.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.PNWRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields, or be currently pursuing a doctoral degree. If not a current doctoral program student, then qualifying degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills:
Experience analyzing forest inventory data, especially including growth, removals and mortality analysis in which longitudinally collected tree data are reconciled, fire behavior and effects analysis, and familiarity with forest carbon dynamics;
Strong data management skills, especially working in relational databases (e.g., MS Access and SQLite) and analysis programming environments (e.g., R or Python) to link, query, summarize, massage/restructure and analyze large datasets to generate clearly understandable tables and graphics that convey accurate and compelling interpretations;
An affinity for patiently digging into longitudinal plot and tree list data to seek out both patterns and anomalies and developing creative solutions for resolving the latter as part of integrated quality assurance;
A capable communicator, both oral and written, with skill in documenting of analysis processes and reporting research findings;
Familiarity with relevant literature or a commitment to move quickly and independently to catch up with relevant literature and methods.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-SCINet-2023-0285
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list.
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/5/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A postdoctoral research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), Foreign Disease-Weed Science Research Unit (FDWSRU) in Frederick, Maryland. Remote participation eligible.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture - Agricultural Research Service (USDA ARS) mission involves problem-solving research in the widely diverse food and agricultural areas encompassing plant production and protection; animal production and protection; natural resources and sustainable agricultural systems; and nutrition; food safety; and quality. The programs are conducted in 46 of the 50 States, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. For ARS to maintain its standing as a premier scientific organization, major investments in computing, networking, and storage infrastructure are required. Training in data and information management are integral to the integrity, security, and accessibility of research findings, results, and outcomes within the ARS research enterprise. Nearly 2000 scientists and postdoctoral fellows conduct research within the ARS research enterprise.
Research Project: The SCINet/Big Data Research Participation Program of the USDA ARS offers research opportunities to motivated postdoctoral fellows interested in solving agriculture-related problems at a range of spatial and temporal scales, from the genome to the continent, and sub-daily to evolutionary time scales. One of the goals of the SCINet Initiative is to develop and apply new technologies, including AI and machine learning, to help solve complex agricultural problems that also depend on collaboration across scientific disciplines and geographic locations. In addition, many of these technologies rely on the synthesis, integration, and analysis of large, diverse datasets that benefit from high performance computing (HPC) clusters. The objective of this fellowship is to facilitate cross-disciplinary, cross-location research through collaborative research on problems of interest to each applicant and amenable to or requiring the HPC environment. Training will be provided in data science, scientific computing, AI/machine learning, and related topics as needed for the fellow to complete their research.
Throughout the course of this research project, the SCINet Postdoctoral Fellow will have the opportunity to analyze genome data from Hemileia vastatrix (Hv), the causal agent of coffee leaf rust (CLR)—the most devastating coffee disease in the world. Historically, CLR was effectively managed with resistant coffee varieties. However, during the last decade, growers report that varietal resistance is rapidly breaking down, posing enormous challenges for disease management and the sustainability of one of the world’s most traded agricultural products. The Fellow will use newly generated short read and long read sequencing data generated from historical and contemporary Hv isolates to dissect the evolutionary changes in Hv that have contributed to the progressive loss of host resistance. There will be other opportunities for the Fellow to address similar questions in other fungal pathosystems. If interested, the Fellow will also be able to utilize the 10,000 square foot BSL3 containment facility at the FDWSRU to conduct in plant experiments with Hv to test hypotheses that arise during this research.
Learning Objectives: The Fellow will have the opportunity to utilize comparative genomics and machine learning to determine what evolutionary process(es) in this pathogen led to the breakdown of host resistance. There are comparatively few genomic resources available for rust fungi, likely because they have the largest and most complex genomes in all of fungi. Because of this, the Fellow is also well poised to develop first-of-its-kind computational workflows to be used for comparative genomics/pangenomics for species with complex genomes. Under the guidance of a mentor, the Fellow will have the opportunity to participate in organizational and operational planning, training coordination, and science communication activities in support of the BDI and the ARS AI Center of Excellence (AI COE). The Fellow will also have the opportunity to take online and in person courses in bioinformatics, and to learn collaboration and leadership skills through workshop and collaborative group experience.
Mentor(s): The mentor(s) for this opportunity is Rachel Koch Bach (Rachel.kochbach@usda.gov). Please contact the mentor if you have questions about this opportunity.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and the mentor and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $85,000 - $95,000/year plus a supplement to offset a health insurance premium.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.SCINet@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received their doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields or be currently pursuing the degree with completion prior to start of appointment.
Preferred Skills:
First authorship of scientific manuscripts
Proficiency with scripting languages (e.g., R, Bash, Perl, Python), open-source bioinformatics tools and Slurm Workload Manager
Experience developing HPC workflows
Experience developing, testing, and refining machine learning models
Experience with comparative and pan-genomics
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Experience in team and collaborative scientific environments
Highly motivated
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Communications and Graphics Design
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-MW-2023-0133
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
7/5/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), National Animal Disease Center (NADC), Food Safety and Enteric Pathogens Research Unit located in Ames, Iowa. Relocation will be required.
Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: The NADC is the premiere research institute within the USDA for studying the role of commensal bacteria in health and disease of food-producing animals. The selected participant will be part of a team of microbiologists, immunologists, bioinformaticians, and veterinarians who are investigating host-microbe interactions with the ultimate goal of discovering antibiotic alternatives that will improve animal health and food safety.
We are looking for an outstanding scientist who is proactive, independent, and motivated to use advanced wet-lab and computational approaches to solve complex biological problems.
A team of microbiologists are conducting research to dissect host-pathogen-microbiota interactions in the reservoir animals for Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC), namely cattle, in order to develop and apply novel STEC detection and elimination strategies. Current research is focused on: reducing cattle colonization by STEC; exploiting STEC interactions with the host and its commensal bacteria to develop control strategies (probiotics, vaccines) that would enable such reductions and development of methods to rapidly detect STEC colonized animals. The appointee will be responsible for conducting experiments and bioinformatics analyses of data generated as part of these projects.
Projects will include in vitro and/or in vivo (animal models) experiments evaluating, colonization factors, immunological responses at the mucosal and tissue level, as well as determining bacterial community-fluctuations in the intestinal tract following inoculation with different bacteria, various dietary components, or stressors, and data evaluation. The participant will be involved in designing and evaluating modalities (example: antimicrobial peptides, vaccines) targeting food-borne pathogens from data collected. Methods would include host, bacterial strain or community-omics with primary focus on proteomics with additional genomics or transcriptomics studies.
Related research information may be found at:
https://www.ars.usda.gov/midwest-area/ames/nadc/people/indira-kudva/
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=Kudva+I
https://www.ars.usda.gov/people-locations/projects/?person-id=44886
Learning Objectives: As a result of this training the participant will learn to independently design and execute complex experiments studying host-microbial interactions, especially in the context of a human pathogen in a reservoir host. These experiments would utilize in vitro (cell, tissue, or gastrointestinal fluid -based) and/or in vivo (animal) model systems to study microbial pathogenesis, colonization, community-fluctuations, as well as evaluate host immunological responses at blood and intestinal tissue level. Results from these experiments would be used to formulate and evaluate diagnostic or therapeutic modalities targeting the pathogen in the reservoir host. Skills acquired/honed would include but not limited to, various microbial culture techniques, PCR, qPCR, RT-qPCR, cloning, generation of bacterial and/or eukaryotic cell mutants, complementation, cell/tissue-culture, cell/tissue-based adherence assays, co-cultures, immune assays such as ELISA, immunoblots, immuno-histochemistry, fluorescent and/or laser capture microscopy, DNA, RNA and protein analysis including various electrophoretic and quantitation methods, genome modification evaluation, proteomics and/or transcriptomics and/or genomics with associated analytical and/or prediction software.
Mentor(s): The mentor(s) for this opportunity is Indira Kudva (indira.kudva@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research project, please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for 2 years but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Midwest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g. Microbiology, Immunology, Bioinformatics/Computational Biology), or be currently pursuing the degree with completion before June 30, 2023. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills:
Demonstrated skills and research ability investigating microbial-host interactions, including computational analysis of proteomics, transcriptomics and/or genomics data, is ideal.
Knowledge of statistical inference methods, microbiology, molecular biology and/or genetics is required. Ideal skills would include but not be limited to, PCR, qPCR, RT-PCR, cloning, cell/organ-culture, cell-based adherence assays, immune assays such as ELISA, immuno-histochemistry, DNA, RNA and protein analysis, proteomics and/or transcriptomics and/or genomics approaches,
Use of Linux or Mac OS-X operating systems; analyses of large datasets, particularly of protein and nucleic acid sequences; use of biological databases and various bioinformatics tools; and technical writing in English for peer-reviewed publications is preferred. Knowledge of scripting language(s) such as Java or Python is optional although helpful.
Good work ethics, interpersonal and public speaking skills
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 6/30/2023 11:59:00 PM.
Discipline(s):
Communications and Graphics Design
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Science & Engineering-related
About Exponent:
Exponent is the only premium engineering and scientific consulting firm with the depth and breadth of expertise to solve our clients’ most profoundly unique, unprecedented, and urgent challenges.

We are committed to engaging multidisciplinary teams of science, engineering, and regulatory experts to empower our clients with solutions that create a safer, healthier, more sustainable world. For over five decades, we've connected the lessons of past failures with tomorrow's solutions to advise clients as they innovate technologically complex products and processes, ensure the safety and health of their users, and address the challenges of sustainability.

Join our team of experts with degrees from top programs at over 500 universities and extensive experience spanning a variety of industries. At Exponent, you’ll contribute to the diverse pool of ideas, talents, backgrounds, and experiences that drives our collaborative teamwork and breakthrough insights. Plus, we help you grow your career through mentoring, sponsorship, and a culture of learning. Thanks for your interest in joining our team!

Key statistics:
950+ Consultants
640+ Ph.D.s
90+ Disciplines
30+ Offices globally
Our Opportunity:
We are currently seeking an Agrigenomics Scientist for our Ecological & Biological Sciences Practice to join one of our offices located in Pasadena (CA), Bellevue (WA), Maynard (MA), Oakland (CA), or Menlo Park (CA). In this role you will work as part of a team to provide technical support on existing projects and business development efforts at Exponent.
You will be responsible for:
Applying knowledge of genetics and/or genetic engineering to aid in the evaluation of potential risk(s) or impacts to the environment
Evaluating the appropriateness, validity, and interpretation of results produced from studies involving genetic methods or genetically engineered organisms, including data produced by others
Analyzing a broad range of data types, including genetic data
Support the presentation of genomic/data analyses
Synthesizing technical information and applying creative and critical thinking to prepare and review reports and technical presentations
Developing and maintaining professional status by authoring peer-reviewed publications, and participation in technical conferences and activities of professional societies
Working cooperatively on projects with other members of the Ecological and Biological Sciences Practice and interdisciplinary groups from other Exponent practices as appropriate
You will have the following skills and qualifications:
Ph.D. in a relevant field (Plant Biology, Forestry, Agricultural Sciences, Applied Ecology, Entomology, etc.)
Proficiency in code-based analyses in at least one programing language (e.g., Python, R)
Experience working with genomics data OR gene editing technologies OR regulations related to genetic engineering
Diverse interests and willingness to work on broad range of topics, including those outside of agriculture and genomics
Ability to problem solve and adapt to changing project needs
Experience working with large and complex datasets
Not required but any of the following experience would be a plus:
Knowledge of regulations related to genetic engineering
Experience with developing genetically engineered organisms
Knowledge or experience with pesticides/biopesticides
Experience with bioinformatics
Applicants are encouraged to submit a CV (Curriculum Vitae) with publications (feel free to include publications that are in review or pending) [not restricted to 1 page].
Life @ Exponent:
To learn more about life at Exponent and our impact, please visit the following links:
https://www.exponent.com/careers/life-exponent
https://www.exponent.com/company/our-impact
Attracting, inspiring, developing, and rewarding exceptional people with diverse backgrounds and expertise are central to our corporate culture. Our diverse team allows us to provide better value to our clients and enjoy an enriched work environment.
Our firm is committed to offering a variety of programs and resources to support health and well-being. We believe that providing competitive benefits as well as compensation and recognition programs empowers our staff to do work that makes a difference.
Compensation:
Our consultants are rewarded for their technical and business contributions and have an opportunity to plan for future success and career growth. Exponent's total compensation plan is consistent with its expectations of the quality and quantity of work performed and with the professional standards set by Exponent. At the Associate and Senior Associate level, total compensation includes base salary, bi-weekly bonuses for high-intensity efforts, annual bonus and 401(k) employer contribution of 7% of base salary.
The base salary range for this position is $95,000 - $120,000 dependent on experience and capabilities which will be assessed during the interview process.
Benefits you will enjoy:
Access benefits information on our Life@Exponent page:
https://www.exponent.com/careers/life-exponent
Exponent is a proud equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected status.
If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, you may email us at HR-Accommodations@exponent.com.

Job Locations: US-CA-Menlo Park US-CA-Pasadena US-WA-Bellevue US-MA-Natick US-CA-Oakland

Freedom Consulting Group is looking for a Senior Geospatial Analyst subject matter experts to address priority development challenges and enhance the Agency's capacity to integrate data and analysis into routine decision making. This position is supporting USAID. The analyst will conduct advanced geospatial analysis and mapping to provide a better understanding of a given geographic location. They will extract data from GIS software and use varying analysis methods to arrive at results. The Senior Geospatial Analyst will also be expected to perform short-term technical assistance overseas.
Technical Support and Analytical Services
Apply geospatial analysis techniques to priority international development challenges.
Assist USAID subject matter experts with geospatial thinking for improved planning, monitoring, evaluation, and reporting of programs.
Design, develop and deliver geospatial analyses and visualization products to support USAID operations at all stages of the development programming cycle.
Acquire, process, manage, and analyze data from a range of sources.
Produce compelling maps and data visualization products on demand.
Collaborate with a team of interdisciplinary experts within USAID’s GeoCenter.
Strategic Planning, Support and Capacity Building
Prepare concept papers, background analyses, and briefings to build support for the use of data analytics and geospatial approaches throughout USAID.
Facilitate discussion among key USAID stakeholders to articulate a vision and plan for integrating geospatial data analysis into planning, delivering, and assessing development programs.
Provide training and capacity building services to non-technical audiences on accessing, analyzing, and visualizing data to improve development programming.
Required Qualifications
8 years of experience with a Bachelor’s degree or 6 years of experience with a Master's degree or 4 years of experience with a PhD.
Must possess or be able to obtain a Secret Level Security Clearance.
Technical knowledge of industry-standard GIS software (Esri ArcGIS, QGIS, MapBox, Leaflet.js, CartoDB, etc.), Spatial Data Infrastructure (SDI), and creation of geospatial data products in developing country environments.
Quantitative background and experience in data collection, cleaning, and reproducible analysis and visualization. Experience with statistical software or programming languages (Python, Stata, SAS, R, SPSS, MATLAB, Tableau, PowerBI) is preferred.
Experience in developing and implementing standard data analysis workflows.
Ability to produce compelling data visualization products using Adobe applications is preferred, such as Illustrator, Photoshop, and InDesign.
Ability to create interactive web-based products using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is preferred.
Curious, self-motivated individual with excellent communications skills
- must be able to distill technical and quantitative information for non-technical audiences.
Experience translating complex geospatial analysis and visualization results into briefing documents or presentations for senior leadership.
Ability to apply geospatial analytical techniques to problems and data sets spanning diverse sectors as agriculture, democracy & governance, economic growth, education, environment, and health.
Strategic project leadership: experience leading and facilitating
U.S. Citizenship Required

What’s in It for You?
Flexible work environment
A team mentality – work with friendly, like-minded professionals
Work with innovative, cutting edge technologies
Enjoy extremely competitive compensation and benefits
A work-life balance you can count on
Opportunities to grow and advance your career on our dime

The Benefits You Get with Freedom
Amazing benefits including matching 401k, fully paid medical, and more
Generous paid time off – including paid site closure days
Competitive salary offerings
Paid training and tuition reimbursement
Referral bonuses
Fully paid life and disability
Annual logo wear allowance
Company sponsored events (game nights, holiday party, summer party, happy hours)
Interested in learning more about Freedom and our culture? Contact us today! We’re constantly hosting hiring events in our office and elsewhere, to help you get a sense of what life is like at Freedom before joining the team.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability or veteran status
Applicant Federal & E-Verify Postings
VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Per Executive Order, all employees working on or in connection with any federal contracts, including employees working remotely or in the corporate office, are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or have an approved exemption. Official documentation must be provided to the human resources department.

Accessibility: If you need an accommodation as part of the employment process please contact Human Resources at
Phone: 410-290-9035
Email: recruiting@choosefreedomit.com

Equal Opportunity Employer, including disabled and veterans.

If you want to view the EEO Law poster, please choose your language: English - Spanish - Arabic - Chinese

If you want to view the EEO Law Supplement poster, please choose your language: English - Spanish - Chinese

If you want to view the Pay Transparency Policy Statement, please click the link: English
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our systems radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, candor, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust,
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

SUMMARY:
Do you want to make a tangible, positive, impact on the world? Would you like to build systems that get in front of users in the field, and determine how large, flying, robots behave? Would you like to do all of this while working for a company that helps farmers feed more people with fewer resources? Then this role at Guardian Agriculture might be a good fit for you.
Guardian Agriculture is looking to hire an implementation focused Software Engineer to complete high value development projects for our large autonomous electric aircraft systems. Upon hiring you will work closely with senior backend, frontend, and infrastructure engineers to design, build, test, and evolve the services fundamental to the successful operation of our system. You will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.
What You'll do:
Design, build, test, and evolve services primarily in Python that manage system state, serve data to the end user, or process ingested data
Deploy services you develop to GCP or locally to the aircraft system
Be a go-to resource for delivering general full-stack software solutions
Navigate the complexity of managing a microservice architecture and help it evolve
Contribute to the continuous improvement of team infrastructure
Design and carry-out R&D test activities on test benches and at test sites
Work in an fast paced environment that supports your individual growth by providing challenging tasks to solve, the freedom to work your way, and resources to acquire new skills
To Be Successful You Will Have:
Minimum of 2+ years relevant work experience or equivalent experience
BS in a scientific or engineering field or equivalent experience
Fluency in Python
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Desire and ability to learn
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs
Desire to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment that respects its engineers and customers
Nice to Haves:
Experience with Rust
Experience with docker
Experience with edge computing
Network design experience
Familiarity with electromechanical systems
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

7P2cJMDzHP
What You'll Do
This position is based in Washington DC at the United States Agency for International Development’s (USAID) Office of Budget and Resource Management (BRM). BRM works with USAID operating units in Washington, D.C and the field to optimize the strategic planning and allocations of USAID’s Foreign Assistance Budget. In addition to serving the analytical needs of the Agency, BRM collaborates with interagency, international development organizations, and public partners in the development community.
The Mid-Level Data Scientist is responsible for working with subject matter experts to address and enhance the Agency’s capacity to integrate data and analysis into routine decision making. They will apply analytical methodologies to diagnose data-related challenges, implement solutions, and evaluate performance. They will perform data integration, data visualization, data mining, and analysis tools to arrive at results
Technical Support and Analytical Services
Apply data science techniques to priority international development challenges
Assist USAID subject matter experts with data science focused analytical thinking for improved planning, and reporting of programs
Design, develop and deliver data analysis and visualization products for both technical staff and senior leadership which support USAID operations at all stages of the budget cycle
Acquire, process, manage, and analyze data, especially financial data, from a range of sources for improved decision making
Collaborate with a team of interdisciplinary experts within USAID’s Office of Budget and Management and other offices as needed

Strategic Planning, Support, and Capacity Building
Provide consultation to non-technical audiences and develop and implement guidance on integrating data and analysis in routine decision-making processes
Prepare concept papers, background analyses, and briefings to build support for the use of data analytics and data science techniques throughout USAID
Facilitate discussion among key USAID stakeholders to articulate a vision and plan for integrating data science into planning, delivering, and assessing development programs
Provide training and capacity building services to non-technical audiences on accessing, analyzing, and visualizing data
Skills and Capabilities
Strong quantitative background and experience in data collection, cleaning, processing and applied analysis and visualization using statistical software or programming languages (Python, Stata, SAS, R, SPSS, MATLAB, Tableau, PowerBI)
Ability to produce compelling data visualization products, including by using Adobe applications, such as Illustrator, Photoshop, and InDesign
Ability to create interactive web-based products using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Curious, self-motivated individual with excellent communications skills - must be able to distill highly technical quantitative methods into policy relevant snippets
Experience translating statistical, regression and visualization results into briefing documents or presentations for senior leadership
Ability to apply data science analytical techniques to problems and data sets spanning diverse sectors as agriculture, democracy & governance, economic growth, education, environment, and health, along with integrating financial data into analyses
Strategic project leadership: experience leading and facilitating projects through concept, iterative design and development, delivery, and ongoing support
Required Qualifications
2 years of experience with a Master’s Degree in a field such as Statistics, Math, Computer Science, Economics, Engineering, or a related technical field
U.S. Citizenship Required

What’s in It for You?
Flexible work environment
A team mentality – work with friendly, like-minded professionals
Work with innovative, cutting edge technologies
Enjoy extremely competitive compensation and benefits
A work-life balance you can count on
Opportunities to grow and advance your career on our dime

The Benefits You Get with Freedom
Amazing benefits including matching 401k, fully paid medical, and more
Generous paid time off – including paid site closure days
Competitive salary offerings
Paid training and tuition reimbursement
Referral bonuses
Fully paid life and disability
Annual logo wear allowance
Company sponsored events (game nights, holiday party, summer party, happy hours)
Interested in learning more about Freedom and our culture? Contact us today! We’re constantly hosting hiring events in our office and elsewhere, to help you get a sense of what life is like at Freedom before joining the team.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability or veteran status
Applicant Federal & E-Verify Postings
VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Per Executive Order, all employees working on or in connection with any federal contracts, including employees working remotely or in the corporate office, are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or have an approved exemption. Official documentation must be provided to the human resources department.

Accessibility: If you need an accommodation as part of the employment process please contact Human Resources at
Phone: 410-290-9035
Email: recruiting@choosefreedomit.com

Equal Opportunity Employer, including disabled and veterans.

If you want to view the EEO Law poster, please choose your language: English - Spanish - Arabic - Chinese

If you want to view the EEO Law Supplement poster, please choose your language: English - Spanish - Chinese

If you want to view the Pay Transparency Policy Statement, please click the link: English
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara Security is looking for a Senior Threat Detection Engineer. This is a development and operations role where you will be responsible for building, deploying, and maintaining a robust threat detection and alerting pipeline. You will report to the Director of Information Security and collaborate with a global team of engineers to build a world-class security program.
We seek an individual who is passionate about building custom tools using open-source technologies, enjoys leveraging automation to enhance efficiency, and is enthusiastic about working with infrastructure-as-code and serverless technologies. As an early hire, you will play a critical role in shaping the direction of our threat infrastructure.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Contribute to the detection and alerting pipeline so that our Security Operations team can quickly identify and remediate potential security threats.
Improve availability, maintainability, and reliability of the detection pipeline.
Develop security-focused tools and services in support of intelligence, detection, and response.
Mentor Security Operations Analysts, including investigation support, project work, and code pairing.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
Deep subject matter expertise with security engineering best practices.
Strong development background with experience in Python or Go. Familiarity with SQL
Strong DevOps/SRE background with experience in AWS, Terraform, containers, and GitHub,
Significant Splunk experience ingesting data, writing advanced queries, and building dashboards.
Significant (4+ years) experience performing security engineering in the technology sector.
An ideal candidate also has the following:
Experience with detections-as-code, risk-based alerting, ChatOps, and distributed alerting
Experience creating APIs/libraries to interact with internal systems
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$154,836—$227,700 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-PNWRS-2023-0385A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
A writing sample such as a publication, paper submitted for a course, or thesis chapter (upload sample in Writing area)
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/26/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS), Pacific Northwest Research Station (PNW) located in Corvallis or Portland, Oregon (hybrid schedule options are available).
This research opportunity is at the Pacific Northwest Research Station's Corvallis Forestry Sciences Laboratory, a world-class science facility on the Oregon State University campus, adjacent to the OSU College of Forestry, housing scientists and other professionals from the Station, the USGS, OSU and the Siuslaw National Forest. As a research fellow, you will interact with forest inventory scientists in the Vegetation Monitoring Science and Application (VeMSA) team and with forest scientists and managers across the Pacific Northwest and beyond.
Research Project: You will join our forest and fire management research group within Team VeMSA, where we seek to inform choices affecting sustainable resource management. Collaborating in response to an urgent national priority, we’ll deploy the BioSum modeling framework and Forest Vegetation Simulator to simulate forest ecosystem trajectories under management that enhance forests’ resistance to stand-replacing fire in several of the 21 Priority Investment Landscapes identified under the national Wildfire Crisis Strategy.
You will analyze data from the national forest inventory to understand the likely outcomes of plans to enhance fire resistance in these priority landscapes in terms of both the extent to which the risk of stand-replacing fire can be reduced and the potential production of renewably produced wood products, including low value wood that might otherwise be burned without energy capture, generating greenhouse gas emissions. We will also address the potential for biohubs to improve the economic feasibility of fuels management and the likely effects of implementing the crisis strategy on climate change mitigation.
You will enjoy opportunities to:
Continue your professional development while tackling critical, policy-relevant questions about ecosystem management at a pivotal moment, as changes in climate and wildfire are accelerating,
Inform and contribute to decisions about managing forest ecosystems to reduce stand-replacing fire while recovering and utilizing wood residues for maximum climate mitigation benefit, and
Pursue research investigating the extent to which biohubs— networks of collection points to facilitate biomass supply chains—can scale-up landscape treatments sufficient to provide prospects for achieving natural climate solution objectives.
Learning Objectives: By the conclusion of this research fellowship, you can expect to:
Understand how management can enhance their fire resistance, while maintaining compatibility with other forest objectives,
Enhance your experience in forest modeling using inventory data,
Attain real-world perspectives on forest management through research co-production with managers and practitioners,
Improve your communication skills via experience sharing information with management, professional and scientific communities both in presentations and publishing findings in journals, reports and electronically delivered visualizations,
Engage with a diverse set of scientists in Forest Service Research and Oak Ridge National Lab, as well as managers in the priority landscapes selected as focal areas for this analysis.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Jeremy Fried (jeremy.s.fried@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please reach out to Jeremy.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January-June, 2024. Start date is negotiable and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: While the appointment will initially be for one year, it can be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds. Funding is currently available for at least two years.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend in an amount that corresponds to $63,000 - $77,000 per year, depending on educational attainment and experience, plus payments to cover 75% of health and dental insurance premiums as priced for coverage available through ORISE.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.PNWRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields or be currently pursuing a doctoral degree.
Masters-level researchers possessing exceptionally strong quantitative analysis/data science skills and forest modeling experience are encouraged to apply.
Preferred Skills:
Experience with forest projection models, silviculture, timber management, fire and fuels, and/or forestry applications of operations research or forest inventory analysis;
An educational background that includes training in forestry/natural resources, operations research, biometry/statistics or a related discipline.
A research fellow with great fit will have:
Experience with the Forest Vegetation Simulator or another stand projection system, analyzing forest inventory data, and engaging in or carrying out research related to forest or fuels management.
Strong data management skills, especially with databases (e.g., MS Access, SQLite) and analysis programming environments (e.g., R or python) to link, query, summarize, and analyze large datasets to generate informative tables and graphics that convey interpretations that are both accurate and relevant.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Engineering
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0441
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
11/1/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: This postdoctoral research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) at the Small Grains and Potato Germplasm Research Unit located in Aberdeen, Idaho. However, the workplace may vary and is flexible.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is supported by the USDA-ARS barley and oat research project in Aberdeen which goals are to enhance barley and oat productivity, quality, and stress resistance by combing traditional, molecular, and genomics methods. The incumbent will collaborate with other scientists in the unit and other institutes in the United States and other countries to develop genomic and bioinformatics resources for annotating and comparing the genomes of cultivated and wild barley and for supporting the barley genomics, genetics, and pre-breeding research. The research activities the selected candidate will be involved with include: 1. Conduct genome-wide annotation and comparison of assembled barley genomes. 2. Develop and/or utilize software for analyzing high through put genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic data in barley and its relatives. 3. Create and design repeat database for public access. 4. Establish and maintain pipelines for barley genomics. 5. Write manuscripts and present research at scientific conferences.
Learning Objectives: The participant will receive training in plant genomics, plant genetics and breeding, and will gain experience to collaborate with national and international scientists in sequencing, assembling and comparatively analyzing plant genomes and in developing and maintaining plant genomic database. The participant will also have opportunities to attend scientific conferences for presenting their research data and establish collaborative networks. Additionally, the participant will get chance to learn barley and understand the needs of the stakeholders.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Dongying Gao (dongying.gao@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for two years, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $69,107 - $89,835 per year.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g., Plant Genetics, Genomics, Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology), or currently be pursuing the degree to be received by February 1, 2024. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills include:
Experiences and expertise to analyze high through put data sets including short- and long-read genomic and transcriptomic data, sRNA and DNA methylation data, and develop or apply new software for data mining.
Familiar with Linux and R and have excellent programming skills with Perl, Python or other programming languages.
Experiences with analyzing genomic data sets with the related pipelines.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 2/1/2024 12:00:00 AM.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
We are seeking an experienced and highly motivated Software Engineer to join our Device Services team. This team is responsible for creating and maintaining a platform that powers critical customer experiences throughout the device lifecycle across our extensive device portfolio. Our devices are central to our offerings, and we are committed to delivering a top-notch device management experience to our customers. This role calls for a solid grasp of software engineering practices, effective communication abilities, and a keenness to collaborate within a team of skilled engineers. You will also contribute to and drive the development and integration of new frameworks across diverse engineering teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Spearhead and mentor a team focused on developing, maintaining, and enhancing device lifecycle frameworks and services for our products.
Spearhead initiatives within a cross-functional team landscape comprising product management, design, and backend engineering units. Your expertise will be crucial in architecting and implementing new features and enhancements that ensure our products continuously adapt to customer demands.
Work with a diverse technology stack including Go, Python, GraphQL, TypeScript, React, and React Native to develop robust solutions. While direct experience with these technologies is not mandatory, your ability to swiftly grasp and work across multiple technologies is expected.
Assume ownership in maintaining the production systems managed by your team and provide operational support and supervision when necessary.
Utilize logs and metrics for tracking down and investigating bugs, ensuring the robustness and reliability of our systems.
Participate in roadmap planning sessions, collaborating with product management, design, and engineering teams to define the technical direction and priorities for the Device Services domain.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field.
5+ years of relevant industry experience in software development, with a proven track record of contributing to complex projects.
Excellent communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills, with a demonstrated ability to manage technical discussions and mentor junior engineers.
Great team player mentality, enjoying collaborative work with engineers having different areas of focus, e.g., infra, firmware, vision, etc.
An ideal candidate also has:
3+ years of experience on full-stack or platform-focused teams, steering efforts to design, build, and maintain scalable and mission-critical SaaS applications.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$140,624—$206,800 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
We are seeking an experienced and highly motivated Software Engineer to join our Device Services team. This team is responsible for creating and maintaining a platform that powers critical customer experiences throughout the device lifecycle across our extensive device portfolio. Our devices are central to our offerings, and we are committed to delivering a top-notch device management experience to our customers. This role calls for a solid grasp of software engineering practices, effective communication abilities, and a keenness to collaborate within a team of skilled engineers. You will also contribute to and drive the development and integration of new frameworks across diverse engineering teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Spearhead and mentor a team focused on developing, maintaining, and enhancing device lifecycle frameworks and services for our products.
Spearhead initiatives within a cross-functional team landscape comprising product management, design, and backend engineering units. Your expertise will be crucial in architecting and implementing new features and enhancements that ensure our products continuously adapt to customer demands.
Work with a diverse technology stack including Go, Python, GraphQL, TypeScript, React, and React Native to develop robust solutions. While direct experience with these technologies is not mandatory, your ability to swiftly grasp and work across multiple technologies is expected.
Assume ownership in maintaining the production systems managed by your team and provide operational support and supervision when necessary.
Utilize logs and metrics for tracking down and investigating bugs, ensuring the robustness and reliability of our systems.
Participate in roadmap planning sessions, collaborating with product management, design, and engineering teams to define the technical direction and priorities for the Device Services domain.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field.
5+ years of relevant industry experience in software development, with a proven track record of contributing to complex projects.
Excellent communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills, with a demonstrated ability to manage technical discussions and mentor junior engineers.
Great team player mentality, enjoying collaborative work with engineers having different areas of focus, e.g., infra, firmware, vision, etc.
An ideal candidate also has:
3+ years of experience on full-stack or platform-focused teams, steering efforts to design, build, and maintain scalable and mission-critical SaaS applications.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$140,624—$206,800 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-PNWRS-2023-0385A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
A writing sample such as a publication, paper submitted for a course, or thesis chapter (upload sample in Writing area)
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/26/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS), Pacific Northwest Research Station (PNW) located in Corvallis or Portland, Oregon (hybrid schedule options are available).
This research opportunity is at the Pacific Northwest Research Station's Corvallis Forestry Sciences Laboratory, a world-class science facility on the Oregon State University campus, adjacent to the OSU College of Forestry, housing scientists and other professionals from the Station, the USGS, OSU and the Siuslaw National Forest. As a research fellow, you will interact with forest inventory scientists in the Vegetation Monitoring Science and Application (VeMSA) team and with forest scientists and managers across the Pacific Northwest and beyond.
Research Project: You will join our forest and fire management research group within Team VeMSA, where we seek to inform choices affecting sustainable resource management. Collaborating in response to an urgent national priority, we’ll deploy the BioSum modeling framework and Forest Vegetation Simulator to simulate forest ecosystem trajectories under management that enhance forests’ resistance to stand-replacing fire in several of the 21 Priority Investment Landscapes identified under the national Wildfire Crisis Strategy.
You will analyze data from the national forest inventory to understand the likely outcomes of plans to enhance fire resistance in these priority landscapes in terms of both the extent to which the risk of stand-replacing fire can be reduced and the potential production of renewably produced wood products, including low value wood that might otherwise be burned without energy capture, generating greenhouse gas emissions. We will also address the potential for biohubs to improve the economic feasibility of fuels management and the likely effects of implementing the crisis strategy on climate change mitigation.
You will enjoy opportunities to:
Continue your professional development while tackling critical, policy-relevant questions about ecosystem management at a pivotal moment, as changes in climate and wildfire are accelerating,
Inform and contribute to decisions about managing forest ecosystems to reduce stand-replacing fire while recovering and utilizing wood residues for maximum climate mitigation benefit, and
Pursue research investigating the extent to which biohubs— networks of collection points to facilitate biomass supply chains—can scale-up landscape treatments sufficient to provide prospects for achieving natural climate solution objectives.
Learning Objectives: By the conclusion of this research fellowship, you can expect to:
Understand how management can enhance their fire resistance, while maintaining compatibility with other forest objectives,
Enhance your experience in forest modeling using inventory data,
Attain real-world perspectives on forest management through research co-production with managers and practitioners,
Improve your communication skills via experience sharing information with management, professional and scientific communities both in presentations and publishing findings in journals, reports and electronically delivered visualizations,
Engage with a diverse set of scientists in Forest Service Research and Oak Ridge National Lab, as well as managers in the priority landscapes selected as focal areas for this analysis.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Jeremy Fried (jeremy.s.fried@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please reach out to Jeremy.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January-June, 2024. Start date is negotiable and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: While the appointment will initially be for one year, it can be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds. Funding is currently available for at least two years.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend in an amount that corresponds to $63,000 - $77,000 per year, depending on educational attainment and experience, plus payments to cover 75% of health and dental insurance premiums as priced for coverage available through ORISE.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.PNWRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields or be currently pursuing a doctoral degree.
Masters-level researchers possessing exceptionally strong quantitative analysis/data science skills and forest modeling experience are encouraged to apply.
Preferred Skills:
Experience with forest projection models, silviculture, timber management, fire and fuels, and/or forestry applications of operations research or forest inventory analysis;
An educational background that includes training in forestry/natural resources, operations research, biometry/statistics or a related discipline.
A research fellow with great fit will have:
Experience with the Forest Vegetation Simulator or another stand projection system, analyzing forest inventory data, and engaging in or carrying out research related to forest or fuels management.
Strong data management skills, especially with databases (e.g., MS Access, SQLite) and analysis programming environments (e.g., R or python) to link, query, summarize, and analyze large datasets to generate informative tables and graphics that convey interpretations that are both accurate and relevant.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Engineering
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0080A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A postdoctoral research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), located in Maricopa, Arizona.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: The research project focuses on large scale spatial modeling to address issues related to land use and land management practices and their implications on crop production and environment. The major activities for the participant includes a) processing large spatial datasets using open-source programming tools (e.g., R, Python and C); b) implementing spatial and remote sensing data processing algorithms to produce datasets to integrate and/or assimilate into crop models; and c) analyzing spatial data sets and developing predictive models using statistical techniques.
Learning Objectives: This opportunity will provide experience in 1) using open-source programming tools; 2) working on large spatial datasets and 3) summarizing and presenting results.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Varaprasad Bandaru (prasad.bandaru@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Dec 2023/Jan 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a bachelor's or master's degree in one of the relevant fields, or currently be pursuing one of the degrees to be received by start of appointment.
Preferred Skills include:
Experience working on spatial data processing using ArcGIS, R, and/or Python.
Experience working with large datasets and data mining techniques.
Experience in geostatistical and spatial analyses.
Experience working with remote sensing datasets.
Experience working in the Unix/Linux environment.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Engineering
Life Health and Medical Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
We are seeking an experienced and highly motivated Software Engineer to join our Device Services team. This team is responsible for creating and maintaining a platform that powers critical customer experiences throughout the device lifecycle across our extensive device portfolio. Our devices are central to our offerings, and we are committed to delivering a top-notch device management experience to our customers. This role calls for a solid grasp of software engineering practices, effective communication abilities, and a keenness to collaborate within a team of skilled engineers. You will also contribute to and drive the development and integration of new frameworks across diverse engineering teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Spearhead and mentor a team focused on developing, maintaining, and enhancing device lifecycle frameworks and services for our products.
Spearhead initiatives within a cross-functional team landscape comprising product management, design, and backend engineering units. Your expertise will be crucial in architecting and implementing new features and enhancements that ensure our products continuously adapt to customer demands.
Work with a diverse technology stack including Go, Python, GraphQL, TypeScript, React, and React Native to develop robust solutions. While direct experience with these technologies is not mandatory, your ability to swiftly grasp and work across multiple technologies is expected.
Assume ownership in maintaining the production systems managed by your team and provide operational support and supervision when necessary.
Utilize logs and metrics for tracking down and investigating bugs, ensuring the robustness and reliability of our systems.
Participate in roadmap planning sessions, collaborating with product management, design, and engineering teams to define the technical direction and priorities for the Device Services domain.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field.
5+ years of relevant industry experience in software development, with a proven track record of contributing to complex projects.
Excellent communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills, with a demonstrated ability to manage technical discussions and mentor junior engineers.
Great team player mentality, enjoying collaborative work with engineers having different areas of focus, e.g., infra, firmware, vision, etc.
An ideal candidate also has:
3+ years of experience on full-stack or platform-focused teams, steering efforts to design, build, and maintain scalable and mission-critical SaaS applications.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$140,624—$206,800 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara Security is looking for a Senior Threat Detection Engineer. This is a development and operations role where you will be responsible for building, deploying, and maintaining a robust threat detection and alerting pipeline. You will report to the Director of Information Security and collaborate with a global team of engineers to build a world-class security program.
We seek an individual who is passionate about building custom tools using open-source technologies, enjoys leveraging automation to enhance efficiency, and is enthusiastic about working with infrastructure-as-code and serverless technologies. As an early hire, you will play a critical role in shaping the direction of our threat infrastructure.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Contribute to the detection and alerting pipeline so that our Security Operations team can quickly identify and remediate potential security threats.
Improve availability, maintainability, and reliability of the detection pipeline.
Develop security-focused tools and services in support of intelligence, detection, and response.
Mentor Security Operations Analysts, including investigation support, project work, and code pairing.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
Deep subject matter expertise with security engineering best practices.
Strong development background with experience in Python or Go. Familiarity with SQL
Strong DevOps/SRE background with experience in AWS, Terraform, containers, and GitHub,
Significant Splunk experience ingesting data, writing advanced queries, and building dashboards.
Significant (4+ years) experience performing security engineering in the technology sector.
An ideal candidate also has the following:
Experience with detections-as-code, risk-based alerting, ChatOps, and distributed alerting
Experience creating APIs/libraries to interact with internal systems
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$154,836—$227,700 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0080A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A postdoctoral research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), located in Maricopa, Arizona.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: The research project focuses on large scale spatial modeling to address issues related to land use and land management practices and their implications on crop production and environment. The major activities for the participant includes a) processing large spatial datasets using open-source programming tools (e.g., R, Python and C); b) implementing spatial and remote sensing data processing algorithms to produce datasets to integrate and/or assimilate into crop models; and c) analyzing spatial data sets and developing predictive models using statistical techniques.
Learning Objectives: This opportunity will provide experience in 1) using open-source programming tools; 2) working on large spatial datasets and 3) summarizing and presenting results.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Varaprasad Bandaru (prasad.bandaru@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Dec 2023/Jan 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a bachelor's or master's degree in one of the relevant fields, or currently be pursuing one of the degrees to be received by start of appointment.
Preferred Skills include:
Experience working on spatial data processing using ArcGIS, R, and/or Python.
Experience working with large datasets and data mining techniques.
Experience in geostatistical and spatial analyses.
Experience working with remote sensing datasets.
Experience working in the Unix/Linux environment.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Engineering
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-PNWRS-2023-0385A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
A writing sample such as a publication, paper submitted for a course, or thesis chapter (upload sample in Writing area)
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/26/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS), Pacific Northwest Research Station (PNW) located in Corvallis or Portland, Oregon (hybrid schedule options are available).
This research opportunity is at the Pacific Northwest Research Station's Corvallis Forestry Sciences Laboratory, a world-class science facility on the Oregon State University campus, adjacent to the OSU College of Forestry, housing scientists and other professionals from the Station, the USGS, OSU and the Siuslaw National Forest. As a research fellow, you will interact with forest inventory scientists in the Vegetation Monitoring Science and Application (VeMSA) team and with forest scientists and managers across the Pacific Northwest and beyond.
Research Project: You will join our forest and fire management research group within Team VeMSA, where we seek to inform choices affecting sustainable resource management. Collaborating in response to an urgent national priority, we’ll deploy the BioSum modeling framework and Forest Vegetation Simulator to simulate forest ecosystem trajectories under management that enhance forests’ resistance to stand-replacing fire in several of the 21 Priority Investment Landscapes identified under the national Wildfire Crisis Strategy.
You will analyze data from the national forest inventory to understand the likely outcomes of plans to enhance fire resistance in these priority landscapes in terms of both the extent to which the risk of stand-replacing fire can be reduced and the potential production of renewably produced wood products, including low value wood that might otherwise be burned without energy capture, generating greenhouse gas emissions. We will also address the potential for biohubs to improve the economic feasibility of fuels management and the likely effects of implementing the crisis strategy on climate change mitigation.
You will enjoy opportunities to:
Continue your professional development while tackling critical, policy-relevant questions about ecosystem management at a pivotal moment, as changes in climate and wildfire are accelerating,
Inform and contribute to decisions about managing forest ecosystems to reduce stand-replacing fire while recovering and utilizing wood residues for maximum climate mitigation benefit, and
Pursue research investigating the extent to which biohubs— networks of collection points to facilitate biomass supply chains—can scale-up landscape treatments sufficient to provide prospects for achieving natural climate solution objectives.
Learning Objectives: By the conclusion of this research fellowship, you can expect to:
Understand how management can enhance their fire resistance, while maintaining compatibility with other forest objectives,
Enhance your experience in forest modeling using inventory data,
Attain real-world perspectives on forest management through research co-production with managers and practitioners,
Improve your communication skills via experience sharing information with management, professional and scientific communities both in presentations and publishing findings in journals, reports and electronically delivered visualizations,
Engage with a diverse set of scientists in Forest Service Research and Oak Ridge National Lab, as well as managers in the priority landscapes selected as focal areas for this analysis.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Jeremy Fried (jeremy.s.fried@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please reach out to Jeremy.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January-June, 2024. Start date is negotiable and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: While the appointment will initially be for one year, it can be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds. Funding is currently available for at least two years.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend in an amount that corresponds to $63,000 - $77,000 per year, depending on educational attainment and experience, plus payments to cover 75% of health and dental insurance premiums as priced for coverage available through ORISE.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.PNWRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields or be currently pursuing a doctoral degree.
Masters-level researchers possessing exceptionally strong quantitative analysis/data science skills and forest modeling experience are encouraged to apply.
Preferred Skills:
Experience with forest projection models, silviculture, timber management, fire and fuels, and/or forestry applications of operations research or forest inventory analysis;
An educational background that includes training in forestry/natural resources, operations research, biometry/statistics or a related discipline.
A research fellow with great fit will have:
Experience with the Forest Vegetation Simulator or another stand projection system, analyzing forest inventory data, and engaging in or carrying out research related to forest or fuels management.
Strong data management skills, especially with databases (e.g., MS Access, SQLite) and analysis programming environments (e.g., R or python) to link, query, summarize, and analyze large datasets to generate informative tables and graphics that convey interpretations that are both accurate and relevant.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Engineering
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).

About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara Security is looking for a Senior Threat Detection Engineer. This is a development and operations role where you will be responsible for building, deploying, and maintaining a robust threat detection and alerting pipeline. You will report to the Director of Information Security and collaborate with a global team of engineers to build a world-class security program.
We seek an individual who is passionate about building custom tools using open-source technologies, enjoys leveraging automation to enhance efficiency, and is enthusiastic about working with infrastructure-as-code and serverless technologies. As an early hire, you will play a critical role in shaping the direction of our threat infrastructure.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Contribute to the detection and alerting pipeline so that our Security Operations team can quickly identify and remediate potential security threats.
Improve availability, maintainability, and reliability of the detection pipeline.
Develop security-focused tools and services in support of intelligence, detection, and response.
Mentor Security Operations Analysts, including investigation support, project work, and code pairing.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
Deep subject matter expertise with security engineering best practices.
Strong development background with experience in Python or Go. Familiarity with SQL
Strong DevOps/SRE background with experience in AWS, Terraform, containers, and GitHub,
Significant Splunk experience ingesting data, writing advanced queries, and building dashboards.
Significant (4+ years) experience performing security engineering in the technology sector.
An ideal candidate also has the following:
Experience with detections-as-code, risk-based alerting, ChatOps, and distributed alerting
Experience creating APIs/libraries to interact with internal systems
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$154,836—$227,700 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
Sales Engineering at Samsara
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve obstacles common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write sample proof-of-concept scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for this role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
3+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
5+ years enterprise public sector field experience working with customers in a pre-sales environment.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Skilled in the art of identifying customer value - identifying on delivering what is most important to the customer and tuning out the noise.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.).
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$190,315—$223,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).

About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0080A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A postdoctoral research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), located in Maricopa, Arizona.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: The research project focuses on large scale spatial modeling to address issues related to land use and land management practices and their implications on crop production and environment. The major activities for the participant includes a) processing large spatial datasets using open-source programming tools (e.g., R, Python and C); b) implementing spatial and remote sensing data processing algorithms to produce datasets to integrate and/or assimilate into crop models; and c) analyzing spatial data sets and developing predictive models using statistical techniques.
Learning Objectives: This opportunity will provide experience in 1) using open-source programming tools; 2) working on large spatial datasets and 3) summarizing and presenting results.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Varaprasad Bandaru (prasad.bandaru@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Dec 2023/Jan 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a bachelor's or master's degree in one of the relevant fields, or currently be pursuing one of the degrees to be received by start of appointment.
Preferred Skills include:
Experience working on spatial data processing using ArcGIS, R, and/or Python.
Experience working with large datasets and data mining techniques.
Experience in geostatistical and spatial analyses.
Experience working with remote sensing datasets.
Experience working in the Unix/Linux environment.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Engineering
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-PNWRS-2023-0385A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
A writing sample such as a publication, paper submitted for a course, or thesis chapter (upload sample in Writing area)
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/26/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS), Pacific Northwest Research Station (PNW) located in Corvallis or Portland, Oregon (hybrid schedule options are available).
This research opportunity is at the Pacific Northwest Research Station's Corvallis Forestry Sciences Laboratory, a world-class science facility on the Oregon State University campus, adjacent to the OSU College of Forestry, housing scientists and other professionals from the Station, the USGS, OSU and the Siuslaw National Forest. As a research fellow, you will interact with forest inventory scientists in the Vegetation Monitoring Science and Application (VeMSA) team and with forest scientists and managers across the Pacific Northwest and beyond.
Research Project: You will join our forest and fire management research group within Team VeMSA, where we seek to inform choices affecting sustainable resource management. Collaborating in response to an urgent national priority, we’ll deploy the BioSum modeling framework and Forest Vegetation Simulator to simulate forest ecosystem trajectories under management that enhance forests’ resistance to stand-replacing fire in several of the 21 Priority Investment Landscapes identified under the national Wildfire Crisis Strategy.
You will analyze data from the national forest inventory to understand the likely outcomes of plans to enhance fire resistance in these priority landscapes in terms of both the extent to which the risk of stand-replacing fire can be reduced and the potential production of renewably produced wood products, including low value wood that might otherwise be burned without energy capture, generating greenhouse gas emissions. We will also address the potential for biohubs to improve the economic feasibility of fuels management and the likely effects of implementing the crisis strategy on climate change mitigation.
You will enjoy opportunities to:
Continue your professional development while tackling critical, policy-relevant questions about ecosystem management at a pivotal moment, as changes in climate and wildfire are accelerating,
Inform and contribute to decisions about managing forest ecosystems to reduce stand-replacing fire while recovering and utilizing wood residues for maximum climate mitigation benefit, and
Pursue research investigating the extent to which biohubs— networks of collection points to facilitate biomass supply chains—can scale-up landscape treatments sufficient to provide prospects for achieving natural climate solution objectives.
Learning Objectives: By the conclusion of this research fellowship, you can expect to:
Understand how management can enhance their fire resistance, while maintaining compatibility with other forest objectives,
Enhance your experience in forest modeling using inventory data,
Attain real-world perspectives on forest management through research co-production with managers and practitioners,
Improve your communication skills via experience sharing information with management, professional and scientific communities both in presentations and publishing findings in journals, reports and electronically delivered visualizations,
Engage with a diverse set of scientists in Forest Service Research and Oak Ridge National Lab, as well as managers in the priority landscapes selected as focal areas for this analysis.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Jeremy Fried (jeremy.s.fried@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please reach out to Jeremy.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January-June, 2024. Start date is negotiable and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: While the appointment will initially be for one year, it can be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds. Funding is currently available for at least two years.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend in an amount that corresponds to $63,000 - $77,000 per year, depending on educational attainment and experience, plus payments to cover 75% of health and dental insurance premiums as priced for coverage available through ORISE.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.PNWRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields or be currently pursuing a doctoral degree.
Masters-level researchers possessing exceptionally strong quantitative analysis/data science skills and forest modeling experience are encouraged to apply.
Preferred Skills:
Experience with forest projection models, silviculture, timber management, fire and fuels, and/or forestry applications of operations research or forest inventory analysis;
An educational background that includes training in forestry/natural resources, operations research, biometry/statistics or a related discipline.
A research fellow with great fit will have:
Experience with the Forest Vegetation Simulator or another stand projection system, analyzing forest inventory data, and engaging in or carrying out research related to forest or fuels management.
Strong data management skills, especially with databases (e.g., MS Access, SQLite) and analysis programming environments (e.g., R or python) to link, query, summarize, and analyze large datasets to generate informative tables and graphics that convey interpretations that are both accurate and relevant.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Engineering
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Social and Behavioral Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.

About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara Security is looking for a Senior Threat Detection Engineer. This is a development and operations role where you will be responsible for building, deploying, and maintaining a robust threat detection and alerting pipeline. You will report to the Director of Information Security and collaborate with a global team of engineers to build a world-class security program.
We seek an individual who is passionate about building custom tools using open-source technologies, enjoys leveraging automation to enhance efficiency, and is enthusiastic about working with infrastructure-as-code and serverless technologies. As an early hire, you will play a critical role in shaping the direction of our threat infrastructure.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Contribute to the detection and alerting pipeline so that our Security Operations team can quickly identify and remediate potential security threats.
Improve availability, maintainability, and reliability of the detection pipeline.
Develop security-focused tools and services in support of intelligence, detection, and response.
Mentor Security Operations Analysts, including investigation support, project work, and code pairing.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
Deep subject matter expertise with security engineering best practices.
Strong development background with experience in Python or Go. Familiarity with SQL
Strong DevOps/SRE background with experience in AWS, Terraform, containers, and GitHub,
Significant Splunk experience ingesting data, writing advanced queries, and building dashboards.
Significant (4+ years) experience performing security engineering in the technology sector.
An ideal candidate also has the following:
Experience with detections-as-code, risk-based alerting, ChatOps, and distributed alerting
Experience creating APIs/libraries to interact with internal systems
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$154,836—$227,700 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0441
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
11/1/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: This postdoctoral research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) at the Small Grains and Potato Germplasm Research Unit located in Aberdeen, Idaho. However, the workplace may vary and is flexible.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is supported by the USDA-ARS barley and oat research project in Aberdeen which goals are to enhance barley and oat productivity, quality, and stress resistance by combing traditional, molecular, and genomics methods. The incumbent will collaborate with other scientists in the unit and other institutes in the United States and other countries to develop genomic and bioinformatics resources for annotating and comparing the genomes of cultivated and wild barley and for supporting the barley genomics, genetics, and pre-breeding research. The research activities the selected candidate will be involved with include: 1. Conduct genome-wide annotation and comparison of assembled barley genomes. 2. Develop and/or utilize software for analyzing high through put genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic data in barley and its relatives. 3. Create and design repeat database for public access. 4. Establish and maintain pipelines for barley genomics. 5. Write manuscripts and present research at scientific conferences.
Learning Objectives: The participant will receive training in plant genomics, plant genetics and breeding, and will gain experience to collaborate with national and international scientists in sequencing, assembling and comparatively analyzing plant genomes and in developing and maintaining plant genomic database. The participant will also have opportunities to attend scientific conferences for presenting their research data and establish collaborative networks. Additionally, the participant will get chance to learn barley and understand the needs of the stakeholders.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Dongying Gao (dongying.gao@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for two years, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $69,107 - $89,835 per year.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g., Plant Genetics, Genomics, Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology), or currently be pursuing the degree to be received by February 1, 2024. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills include:
Experiences and expertise to analyze high through put data sets including short- and long-read genomic and transcriptomic data, sRNA and DNA methylation data, and develop or apply new software for data mining.
Familiar with Linux and R and have excellent programming skills with Perl, Python or other programming languages.
Experiences with analyzing genomic data sets with the related pipelines.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 2/1/2024 12:00:00 AM.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0080A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A postdoctoral research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), located in Maricopa, Arizona.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: The research project focuses on large scale spatial modeling to address issues related to land use and land management practices and their implications on crop production and environment. The major activities for the participant includes a) processing large spatial datasets using open-source programming tools (e.g., R, Python and C); b) implementing spatial and remote sensing data processing algorithms to produce datasets to integrate and/or assimilate into crop models; and c) analyzing spatial data sets and developing predictive models using statistical techniques.
Learning Objectives: This opportunity will provide experience in 1) using open-source programming tools; 2) working on large spatial datasets and 3) summarizing and presenting results.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Varaprasad Bandaru (prasad.bandaru@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Dec 2023/Jan 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a bachelor's or master's degree in one of the relevant fields, or currently be pursuing one of the degrees to be received by start of appointment.
Preferred Skills include:
Experience working on spatial data processing using ArcGIS, R, and/or Python.
Experience working with large datasets and data mining techniques.
Experience in geostatistical and spatial analyses.
Experience working with remote sensing datasets.
Experience working in the Unix/Linux environment.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Engineering
Life Health and Medical Sciences

About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.

About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0441
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
11/1/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: This postdoctoral research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) at the Small Grains and Potato Germplasm Research Unit located in Aberdeen, Idaho. However, the workplace may vary and is flexible.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is supported by the USDA-ARS barley and oat research project in Aberdeen which goals are to enhance barley and oat productivity, quality, and stress resistance by combing traditional, molecular, and genomics methods. The incumbent will collaborate with other scientists in the unit and other institutes in the United States and other countries to develop genomic and bioinformatics resources for annotating and comparing the genomes of cultivated and wild barley and for supporting the barley genomics, genetics, and pre-breeding research. The research activities the selected candidate will be involved with include: 1. Conduct genome-wide annotation and comparison of assembled barley genomes. 2. Develop and/or utilize software for analyzing high through put genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic data in barley and its relatives. 3. Create and design repeat database for public access. 4. Establish and maintain pipelines for barley genomics. 5. Write manuscripts and present research at scientific conferences.
Learning Objectives: The participant will receive training in plant genomics, plant genetics and breeding, and will gain experience to collaborate with national and international scientists in sequencing, assembling and comparatively analyzing plant genomes and in developing and maintaining plant genomic database. The participant will also have opportunities to attend scientific conferences for presenting their research data and establish collaborative networks. Additionally, the participant will get chance to learn barley and understand the needs of the stakeholders.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Dongying Gao (dongying.gao@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for two years, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $69,107 - $89,835 per year.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g., Plant Genetics, Genomics, Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology), or currently be pursuing the degree to be received by February 1, 2024. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills include:
Experiences and expertise to analyze high through put data sets including short- and long-read genomic and transcriptomic data, sRNA and DNA methylation data, and develop or apply new software for data mining.
Familiar with Linux and R and have excellent programming skills with Perl, Python or other programming languages.
Experiences with analyzing genomic data sets with the related pipelines.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 2/1/2024 12:00:00 AM.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0441
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
11/1/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: This postdoctoral research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) at the Small Grains and Potato Germplasm Research Unit located in Aberdeen, Idaho. However, the workplace may vary and is flexible.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is supported by the USDA-ARS barley and oat research project in Aberdeen which goals are to enhance barley and oat productivity, quality, and stress resistance by combing traditional, molecular, and genomics methods. The incumbent will collaborate with other scientists in the unit and other institutes in the United States and other countries to develop genomic and bioinformatics resources for annotating and comparing the genomes of cultivated and wild barley and for supporting the barley genomics, genetics, and pre-breeding research. The research activities the selected candidate will be involved with include: 1. Conduct genome-wide annotation and comparison of assembled barley genomes. 2. Develop and/or utilize software for analyzing high through put genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic data in barley and its relatives. 3. Create and design repeat database for public access. 4. Establish and maintain pipelines for barley genomics. 5. Write manuscripts and present research at scientific conferences.
Learning Objectives: The participant will receive training in plant genomics, plant genetics and breeding, and will gain experience to collaborate with national and international scientists in sequencing, assembling and comparatively analyzing plant genomes and in developing and maintaining plant genomic database. The participant will also have opportunities to attend scientific conferences for presenting their research data and establish collaborative networks. Additionally, the participant will get chance to learn barley and understand the needs of the stakeholders.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Dongying Gao (dongying.gao@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for two years, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $69,107 - $89,835 per year.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g., Plant Genetics, Genomics, Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology), or currently be pursuing the degree to be received by February 1, 2024. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills include:
Experiences and expertise to analyze high through put data sets including short- and long-read genomic and transcriptomic data, sRNA and DNA methylation data, and develop or apply new software for data mining.
Familiar with Linux and R and have excellent programming skills with Perl, Python or other programming languages.
Experiences with analyzing genomic data sets with the related pipelines.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 2/1/2024 12:00:00 AM.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0080A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A postdoctoral research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), located in Maricopa, Arizona.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: The research project focuses on large scale spatial modeling to address issues related to land use and land management practices and their implications on crop production and environment. The major activities for the participant includes a) processing large spatial datasets using open-source programming tools (e.g., R, Python and C); b) implementing spatial and remote sensing data processing algorithms to produce datasets to integrate and/or assimilate into crop models; and c) analyzing spatial data sets and developing predictive models using statistical techniques.
Learning Objectives: This opportunity will provide experience in 1) using open-source programming tools; 2) working on large spatial datasets and 3) summarizing and presenting results.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Varaprasad Bandaru (prasad.bandaru@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Dec 2023/Jan 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a bachelor's or master's degree in one of the relevant fields, or currently be pursuing one of the degrees to be received by start of appointment.
Preferred Skills include:
Experience working on spatial data processing using ArcGIS, R, and/or Python.
Experience working with large datasets and data mining techniques.
Experience in geostatistical and spatial analyses.
Experience working with remote sensing datasets.
Experience working in the Unix/Linux environment.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Bachelor's Degree or Master's Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Engineering
Life Health and Medical Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0441
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
11/1/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: This postdoctoral research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) at the Small Grains and Potato Germplasm Research Unit located in Aberdeen, Idaho. However, the workplace may vary and is flexible.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is supported by the USDA-ARS barley and oat research project in Aberdeen which goals are to enhance barley and oat productivity, quality, and stress resistance by combing traditional, molecular, and genomics methods. The incumbent will collaborate with other scientists in the unit and other institutes in the United States and other countries to develop genomic and bioinformatics resources for annotating and comparing the genomes of cultivated and wild barley and for supporting the barley genomics, genetics, and pre-breeding research. The research activities the selected candidate will be involved with include: 1. Conduct genome-wide annotation and comparison of assembled barley genomes. 2. Develop and/or utilize software for analyzing high through put genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic data in barley and its relatives. 3. Create and design repeat database for public access. 4. Establish and maintain pipelines for barley genomics. 5. Write manuscripts and present research at scientific conferences.
Learning Objectives: The participant will receive training in plant genomics, plant genetics and breeding, and will gain experience to collaborate with national and international scientists in sequencing, assembling and comparatively analyzing plant genomes and in developing and maintaining plant genomic database. The participant will also have opportunities to attend scientific conferences for presenting their research data and establish collaborative networks. Additionally, the participant will get chance to learn barley and understand the needs of the stakeholders.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Dongying Gao (dongying.gao@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for two years, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $69,107 - $89,835 per year.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g., Plant Genetics, Genomics, Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology), or currently be pursuing the degree to be received by February 1, 2024. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills include:
Experiences and expertise to analyze high through put data sets including short- and long-read genomic and transcriptomic data, sRNA and DNA methylation data, and develop or apply new software for data mining.
Familiar with Linux and R and have excellent programming skills with Perl, Python or other programming languages.
Experiences with analyzing genomic data sets with the related pipelines.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 2/1/2024 12:00:00 AM.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-PNWRS-2023-0385A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
A writing sample such as a publication, paper submitted for a course, or thesis chapter (upload sample in Writing area)
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/26/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS), Pacific Northwest Research Station (PNW) located in Corvallis or Portland, Oregon (hybrid schedule options are available).
This research opportunity is at the Pacific Northwest Research Station's Corvallis Forestry Sciences Laboratory, a world-class science facility on the Oregon State University campus, adjacent to the OSU College of Forestry, housing scientists and other professionals from the Station, the USGS, OSU and the Siuslaw National Forest. As a research fellow, you will interact with forest inventory scientists in the Vegetation Monitoring Science and Application (VeMSA) team and with forest scientists and managers across the Pacific Northwest and beyond.
Research Project: You will join our forest and fire management research group within Team VeMSA, where we seek to inform choices affecting sustainable resource management. Collaborating in response to an urgent national priority, we’ll deploy the BioSum modeling framework and Forest Vegetation Simulator to simulate forest ecosystem trajectories under management that enhance forests’ resistance to stand-replacing fire in several of the 21 Priority Investment Landscapes identified under the national Wildfire Crisis Strategy.
You will analyze data from the national forest inventory to understand the likely outcomes of plans to enhance fire resistance in these priority landscapes in terms of both the extent to which the risk of stand-replacing fire can be reduced and the potential production of renewably produced wood products, including low value wood that might otherwise be burned without energy capture, generating greenhouse gas emissions. We will also address the potential for biohubs to improve the economic feasibility of fuels management and the likely effects of implementing the crisis strategy on climate change mitigation.
You will enjoy opportunities to:
Continue your professional development while tackling critical, policy-relevant questions about ecosystem management at a pivotal moment, as changes in climate and wildfire are accelerating,
Inform and contribute to decisions about managing forest ecosystems to reduce stand-replacing fire while recovering and utilizing wood residues for maximum climate mitigation benefit, and
Pursue research investigating the extent to which biohubs— networks of collection points to facilitate biomass supply chains—can scale-up landscape treatments sufficient to provide prospects for achieving natural climate solution objectives.
Learning Objectives: By the conclusion of this research fellowship, you can expect to:
Understand how management can enhance their fire resistance, while maintaining compatibility with other forest objectives,
Enhance your experience in forest modeling using inventory data,
Attain real-world perspectives on forest management through research co-production with managers and practitioners,
Improve your communication skills via experience sharing information with management, professional and scientific communities both in presentations and publishing findings in journals, reports and electronically delivered visualizations,
Engage with a diverse set of scientists in Forest Service Research and Oak Ridge National Lab, as well as managers in the priority landscapes selected as focal areas for this analysis.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Jeremy Fried (jeremy.s.fried@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please reach out to Jeremy.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January-June, 2024. Start date is negotiable and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: While the appointment will initially be for one year, it can be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds. Funding is currently available for at least two years.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend in an amount that corresponds to $63,000 - $77,000 per year, depending on educational attainment and experience, plus payments to cover 75% of health and dental insurance premiums as priced for coverage available through ORISE.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.PNWRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields or be currently pursuing a doctoral degree.
Masters-level researchers possessing exceptionally strong quantitative analysis/data science skills and forest modeling experience are encouraged to apply.
Preferred Skills:
Experience with forest projection models, silviculture, timber management, fire and fuels, and/or forestry applications of operations research or forest inventory analysis;
An educational background that includes training in forestry/natural resources, operations research, biometry/statistics or a related discipline.
A research fellow with great fit will have:
Experience with the Forest Vegetation Simulator or another stand projection system, analyzing forest inventory data, and engaging in or carrying out research related to forest or fuels management.
Strong data management skills, especially with databases (e.g., MS Access, SQLite) and analysis programming environments (e.g., R or python) to link, query, summarize, and analyze large datasets to generate informative tables and graphics that convey interpretations that are both accurate and relevant.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Engineering
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Social and Behavioral Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0441
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
11/1/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: This postdoctoral research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) at the Small Grains and Potato Germplasm Research Unit located in Aberdeen, Idaho. However, the workplace may vary and is flexible.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is supported by the USDA-ARS barley and oat research project in Aberdeen which goals are to enhance barley and oat productivity, quality, and stress resistance by combing traditional, molecular, and genomics methods. The incumbent will collaborate with other scientists in the unit and other institutes in the United States and other countries to develop genomic and bioinformatics resources for annotating and comparing the genomes of cultivated and wild barley and for supporting the barley genomics, genetics, and pre-breeding research. The research activities the selected candidate will be involved with include: 1. Conduct genome-wide annotation and comparison of assembled barley genomes. 2. Develop and/or utilize software for analyzing high through put genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic data in barley and its relatives. 3. Create and design repeat database for public access. 4. Establish and maintain pipelines for barley genomics. 5. Write manuscripts and present research at scientific conferences.
Learning Objectives: The participant will receive training in plant genomics, plant genetics and breeding, and will gain experience to collaborate with national and international scientists in sequencing, assembling and comparatively analyzing plant genomes and in developing and maintaining plant genomic database. The participant will also have opportunities to attend scientific conferences for presenting their research data and establish collaborative networks. Additionally, the participant will get chance to learn barley and understand the needs of the stakeholders.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Dongying Gao (dongying.gao@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for two years, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $69,107 - $89,835 per year.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g., Plant Genetics, Genomics, Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology), or currently be pursuing the degree to be received by February 1, 2024. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills include:
Experiences and expertise to analyze high through put data sets including short- and long-read genomic and transcriptomic data, sRNA and DNA methylation data, and develop or apply new software for data mining.
Familiar with Linux and R and have excellent programming skills with Perl, Python or other programming languages.
Experiences with analyzing genomic data sets with the related pipelines.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 2/1/2024 12:00:00 AM.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-PNWRS-2023-0385A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
A writing sample such as a publication, paper submitted for a course, or thesis chapter (upload sample in Writing area)
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/26/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS), Pacific Northwest Research Station (PNW) located in Corvallis or Portland, Oregon (hybrid schedule options are available).
This research opportunity is at the Pacific Northwest Research Station's Corvallis Forestry Sciences Laboratory, a world-class science facility on the Oregon State University campus, adjacent to the OSU College of Forestry, housing scientists and other professionals from the Station, the USGS, OSU and the Siuslaw National Forest. As a research fellow, you will interact with forest inventory scientists in the Vegetation Monitoring Science and Application (VeMSA) team and with forest scientists and managers across the Pacific Northwest and beyond.
Research Project: You will join our forest and fire management research group within Team VeMSA, where we seek to inform choices affecting sustainable resource management. Collaborating in response to an urgent national priority, we’ll deploy the BioSum modeling framework and Forest Vegetation Simulator to simulate forest ecosystem trajectories under management that enhance forests’ resistance to stand-replacing fire in several of the 21 Priority Investment Landscapes identified under the national Wildfire Crisis Strategy.
You will analyze data from the national forest inventory to understand the likely outcomes of plans to enhance fire resistance in these priority landscapes in terms of both the extent to which the risk of stand-replacing fire can be reduced and the potential production of renewably produced wood products, including low value wood that might otherwise be burned without energy capture, generating greenhouse gas emissions. We will also address the potential for biohubs to improve the economic feasibility of fuels management and the likely effects of implementing the crisis strategy on climate change mitigation.
You will enjoy opportunities to:
Continue your professional development while tackling critical, policy-relevant questions about ecosystem management at a pivotal moment, as changes in climate and wildfire are accelerating,
Inform and contribute to decisions about managing forest ecosystems to reduce stand-replacing fire while recovering and utilizing wood residues for maximum climate mitigation benefit, and
Pursue research investigating the extent to which biohubs— networks of collection points to facilitate biomass supply chains—can scale-up landscape treatments sufficient to provide prospects for achieving natural climate solution objectives.
Learning Objectives: By the conclusion of this research fellowship, you can expect to:
Understand how management can enhance their fire resistance, while maintaining compatibility with other forest objectives,
Enhance your experience in forest modeling using inventory data,
Attain real-world perspectives on forest management through research co-production with managers and practitioners,
Improve your communication skills via experience sharing information with management, professional and scientific communities both in presentations and publishing findings in journals, reports and electronically delivered visualizations,
Engage with a diverse set of scientists in Forest Service Research and Oak Ridge National Lab, as well as managers in the priority landscapes selected as focal areas for this analysis.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Jeremy Fried (jeremy.s.fried@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please reach out to Jeremy.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January-June, 2024. Start date is negotiable and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: While the appointment will initially be for one year, it can be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds. Funding is currently available for at least two years.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend in an amount that corresponds to $63,000 - $77,000 per year, depending on educational attainment and experience, plus payments to cover 75% of health and dental insurance premiums as priced for coverage available through ORISE.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.PNWRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields or be currently pursuing a doctoral degree.
Masters-level researchers possessing exceptionally strong quantitative analysis/data science skills and forest modeling experience are encouraged to apply.
Preferred Skills:
Experience with forest projection models, silviculture, timber management, fire and fuels, and/or forestry applications of operations research or forest inventory analysis;
An educational background that includes training in forestry/natural resources, operations research, biometry/statistics or a related discipline.
A research fellow with great fit will have:
Experience with the Forest Vegetation Simulator or another stand projection system, analyzing forest inventory data, and engaging in or carrying out research related to forest or fuels management.
Strong data management skills, especially with databases (e.g., MS Access, SQLite) and analysis programming environments (e.g., R or python) to link, query, summarize, and analyze large datasets to generate informative tables and graphics that convey interpretations that are both accurate and relevant.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Engineering
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Social and Behavioral Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
Sales Engineering at Samsara
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve obstacles common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write sample proof-of-concept scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for this role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
3+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
5+ years enterprise public sector field experience working with customers in a pre-sales environment.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Skilled in the art of identifying customer value - identifying on delivering what is most important to the customer and tuning out the noise.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.).
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$190,315—$223,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
Sales Engineering at Samsara
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve obstacles common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write sample proof-of-concept scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for this role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
3+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
5+ years enterprise public sector field experience working with customers in a pre-sales environment.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Skilled in the art of identifying customer value - identifying on delivering what is most important to the customer and tuning out the noise.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.).
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$190,315—$223,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
Sales Engineering at Samsara
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve obstacles common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write sample proof-of-concept scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for this role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
3+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
5+ years enterprise public sector field experience working with customers in a pre-sales environment.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Skilled in the art of identifying customer value - identifying on delivering what is most important to the customer and tuning out the noise.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.).
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$190,315—$223,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
Sales Engineering at Samsara
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve obstacles common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write sample proof-of-concept scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for this role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
3+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
5+ years enterprise public sector field experience working with customers in a pre-sales environment.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Skilled in the art of identifying customer value - identifying on delivering what is most important to the customer and tuning out the noise.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.).
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$190,315—$223,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0441
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
11/1/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: This postdoctoral research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) at the Small Grains and Potato Germplasm Research Unit located in Aberdeen, Idaho. However, the workplace may vary and is flexible.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is supported by the USDA-ARS barley and oat research project in Aberdeen which goals are to enhance barley and oat productivity, quality, and stress resistance by combing traditional, molecular, and genomics methods. The incumbent will collaborate with other scientists in the unit and other institutes in the United States and other countries to develop genomic and bioinformatics resources for annotating and comparing the genomes of cultivated and wild barley and for supporting the barley genomics, genetics, and pre-breeding research. The research activities the selected candidate will be involved with include: 1. Conduct genome-wide annotation and comparison of assembled barley genomes. 2. Develop and/or utilize software for analyzing high through put genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic data in barley and its relatives. 3. Create and design repeat database for public access. 4. Establish and maintain pipelines for barley genomics. 5. Write manuscripts and present research at scientific conferences.
Learning Objectives: The participant will receive training in plant genomics, plant genetics and breeding, and will gain experience to collaborate with national and international scientists in sequencing, assembling and comparatively analyzing plant genomes and in developing and maintaining plant genomic database. The participant will also have opportunities to attend scientific conferences for presenting their research data and establish collaborative networks. Additionally, the participant will get chance to learn barley and understand the needs of the stakeholders.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Dongying Gao (dongying.gao@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for two years, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $69,107 - $89,835 per year.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g., Plant Genetics, Genomics, Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology), or currently be pursuing the degree to be received by February 1, 2024. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills include:
Experiences and expertise to analyze high through put data sets including short- and long-read genomic and transcriptomic data, sRNA and DNA methylation data, and develop or apply new software for data mining.
Familiar with Linux and R and have excellent programming skills with Perl, Python or other programming languages.
Experiences with analyzing genomic data sets with the related pipelines.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 2/1/2024 12:00:00 AM.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-PNWRS-2023-0385A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
A writing sample such as a publication, paper submitted for a course, or thesis chapter (upload sample in Writing area)
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/26/2024 11:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS), Pacific Northwest Research Station (PNW) located in Corvallis or Portland, Oregon (hybrid schedule options are available).
This research opportunity is at the Pacific Northwest Research Station's Corvallis Forestry Sciences Laboratory, a world-class science facility on the Oregon State University campus, adjacent to the OSU College of Forestry, housing scientists and other professionals from the Station, the USGS, OSU and the Siuslaw National Forest. As a research fellow, you will interact with forest inventory scientists in the Vegetation Monitoring Science and Application (VeMSA) team and with forest scientists and managers across the Pacific Northwest and beyond.
Research Project: You will join our forest and fire management research group within Team VeMSA, where we seek to inform choices affecting sustainable resource management. Collaborating in response to an urgent national priority, we’ll deploy the BioSum modeling framework and Forest Vegetation Simulator to simulate forest ecosystem trajectories under management that enhance forests’ resistance to stand-replacing fire in several of the 21 Priority Investment Landscapes identified under the national Wildfire Crisis Strategy.
You will analyze data from the national forest inventory to understand the likely outcomes of plans to enhance fire resistance in these priority landscapes in terms of both the extent to which the risk of stand-replacing fire can be reduced and the potential production of renewably produced wood products, including low value wood that might otherwise be burned without energy capture, generating greenhouse gas emissions. We will also address the potential for biohubs to improve the economic feasibility of fuels management and the likely effects of implementing the crisis strategy on climate change mitigation.
You will enjoy opportunities to:
Continue your professional development while tackling critical, policy-relevant questions about ecosystem management at a pivotal moment, as changes in climate and wildfire are accelerating,
Inform and contribute to decisions about managing forest ecosystems to reduce stand-replacing fire while recovering and utilizing wood residues for maximum climate mitigation benefit, and
Pursue research investigating the extent to which biohubs— networks of collection points to facilitate biomass supply chains—can scale-up landscape treatments sufficient to provide prospects for achieving natural climate solution objectives.
Learning Objectives: By the conclusion of this research fellowship, you can expect to:
Understand how management can enhance their fire resistance, while maintaining compatibility with other forest objectives,
Enhance your experience in forest modeling using inventory data,
Attain real-world perspectives on forest management through research co-production with managers and practitioners,
Improve your communication skills via experience sharing information with management, professional and scientific communities both in presentations and publishing findings in journals, reports and electronically delivered visualizations,
Engage with a diverse set of scientists in Forest Service Research and Oak Ridge National Lab, as well as managers in the priority landscapes selected as focal areas for this analysis.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Jeremy Fried (jeremy.s.fried@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please reach out to Jeremy.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January-June, 2024. Start date is negotiable and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: While the appointment will initially be for one year, it can be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds. Funding is currently available for at least two years.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend in an amount that corresponds to $63,000 - $77,000 per year, depending on educational attainment and experience, plus payments to cover 75% of health and dental insurance premiums as priced for coverage available through ORISE.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens and Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR).
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.PNWRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a master's or doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields or be currently pursuing a doctoral degree.
Masters-level researchers possessing exceptionally strong quantitative analysis/data science skills and forest modeling experience are encouraged to apply.
Preferred Skills:
Experience with forest projection models, silviculture, timber management, fire and fuels, and/or forestry applications of operations research or forest inventory analysis;
An educational background that includes training in forestry/natural resources, operations research, biometry/statistics or a related discipline.
A research fellow with great fit will have:
Experience with the Forest Vegetation Simulator or another stand projection system, analyzing forest inventory data, and engaging in or carrying out research related to forest or fuels management.
Strong data management skills, especially with databases (e.g., MS Access, SQLite) and analysis programming environments (e.g., R or python) to link, query, summarize, and analyze large datasets to generate informative tables and graphics that convey interpretations that are both accurate and relevant.
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: LPR or U.S. Citizen
Degree: Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Engineering
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Social and Behavioral Sciences

Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara Security is looking for a Senior Threat Detection Engineer. This is a development and operations role where you will be responsible for building, deploying, and maintaining a robust threat detection and alerting pipeline. You will report to the Director of Information Security and collaborate with a global team of engineers to build a world-class security program.
We seek an individual who is passionate about building custom tools using open-source technologies, enjoys leveraging automation to enhance efficiency, and is enthusiastic about working with infrastructure-as-code and serverless technologies. As an early hire, you will play a critical role in shaping the direction of our threat infrastructure.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Contribute to the detection and alerting pipeline so that our Security Operations team can quickly identify and remediate potential security threats.
Improve availability, maintainability, and reliability of the detection pipeline.
Develop security-focused tools and services in support of intelligence, detection, and response.
Mentor Security Operations Analysts, including investigation support, project work, and code pairing.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
Deep subject matter expertise with security engineering best practices.
Strong development background with experience in Python or Go. Familiarity with SQL
Strong DevOps/SRE background with experience in AWS, Terraform, containers, and GitHub,
Significant Splunk experience ingesting data, writing advanced queries, and building dashboards.
Significant (4+ years) experience performing security engineering in the technology sector.
An ideal candidate also has the following:
Experience with detections-as-code, risk-based alerting, ChatOps, and distributed alerting
Experience creating APIs/libraries to interact with internal systems
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$154,836—$227,700 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
Sales Engineering at Samsara
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve obstacles common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write sample proof-of-concept scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for this role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
3+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
5+ years enterprise public sector field experience working with customers in a pre-sales environment.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Skilled in the art of identifying customer value - identifying on delivering what is most important to the customer and tuning out the noise.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.).
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$190,315—$223,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
Sales Engineering at Samsara
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve obstacles common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write sample proof-of-concept scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for this role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
3+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
5+ years enterprise public sector field experience working with customers in a pre-sales environment.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Skilled in the art of identifying customer value - identifying on delivering what is most important to the customer and tuning out the noise.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.).
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$190,315—$223,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be part of a diverse group of technically minded folks working together to bring our unique connected operations technology to customers. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around logistics/supply chain management, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, machine control systems/diagnostics, system integration, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on installation/deployment scenarios, carrier networks, cloud infrastructure, and third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the proper technical solution is presented to our customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Partner with sales executives to plan, prepare and execute on transactions in rapid sales cycles
Successfully match customer pain/requirements to proposed solutions
Work in multiple levels of the technology stack
Qualify, install, and configure Samsara hardware
Conduct SaaS dashboard setup and demonstrate advanced use
Deal heavily with mobile device management strategies and present the Samsara mobile app
Create custom reporting and integrations via our API (Python and Javascript SDKs available)
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
Preferred 1+ years experience experience working with customers in a pre-sales or support capacity
Previous hands-on experience with customer evaluations and deployments
Proven track record selling complex solutions
Well versed in one of the following: cloud software, networking, automation and control systems
Tinkering with hardware gadgets, sensors, or vehicles is a plus
Spanish or French fluency is preferred
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$90,674—$128,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-PW-2023-0441
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcripts –
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
11/1/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: This postdoctoral research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) at the Small Grains and Potato Germplasm Research Unit located in Aberdeen, Idaho. However, the workplace may vary and is flexible.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: This appointment is supported by the USDA-ARS barley and oat research project in Aberdeen which goals are to enhance barley and oat productivity, quality, and stress resistance by combing traditional, molecular, and genomics methods. The incumbent will collaborate with other scientists in the unit and other institutes in the United States and other countries to develop genomic and bioinformatics resources for annotating and comparing the genomes of cultivated and wild barley and for supporting the barley genomics, genetics, and pre-breeding research. The research activities the selected candidate will be involved with include: 1. Conduct genome-wide annotation and comparison of assembled barley genomes. 2. Develop and/or utilize software for analyzing high through put genomic, transcriptomic and epigenomic data in barley and its relatives. 3. Create and design repeat database for public access. 4. Establish and maintain pipelines for barley genomics. 5. Write manuscripts and present research at scientific conferences.
Learning Objectives: The participant will receive training in plant genomics, plant genetics and breeding, and will gain experience to collaborate with national and international scientists in sequencing, assembling and comparatively analyzing plant genomes and in developing and maintaining plant genomic database. The participant will also have opportunities to attend scientific conferences for presenting their research data and establish collaborative networks. Additionally, the participant will get chance to learn barley and understand the needs of the stakeholders.
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Dongying Gao (dongying.gao@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: January 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for two years, but may be renewed upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. The current stipend range for this opportunity is $69,107 - $89,835 per year.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process, please email ORISE.ARS.PacificWest@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should have received a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields (e.g., Plant Genetics, Genomics, Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology), or currently be pursuing the degree to be received by February 1, 2024. Degree must have been received within five years of the appointment start date.
Preferred Skills include:
Experiences and expertise to analyze high through put data sets including short- and long-read genomic and transcriptomic data, sRNA and DNA methylation data, and develop or apply new software for data mining.
Familiar with Linux and R and have excellent programming skills with Perl, Python or other programming languages.
Experiences with analyzing genomic data sets with the related pipelines.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or anticipated to be received by 2/1/2024 12:00:00 AM.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:

The Samsara Security team is looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager, Vulnerability Management (Sr. TPM) to join our team to facilitate and support Samsara's Vulnerability Management Program.
In this role, the candidate will work closely with Samsara's Security teams to enhance strategic Vulnerability Management initiatives. As part of this role, you will have the opportunity to work across multiple teams and organizations at Samsara, including Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Product Security, R&D, and Business Technology in order to execute on key security priorities as related to our Vulnerability Management Program.
An ideal candidate is passionate about building processes for growing teams. You take Security seriously and strive to build low friction solutions developed in close partnership with others. You are organized, driven and detail-oriented. You have a strong technical aptitude and can work closely with engineers to develop solutions to address and remediate security vulnerabilities.
On a typical day, you will be working closely with our Security Engineering team and stakeholders across the company to help prioritize new vulnerabilities and will be responsible for both providing guidance and holding teams accountable for their remediations.
You will help engineering teams develop strategic solutions to patching vulnerabilities and ensure Samsara is in line with our contractual and compliance standards. Successful candidates will have a solid track record of program and project management, experience working with organizations to remediate vulnerabilities in a timely fashion and excellent leadership, and exceptional organizational and communication skills. In addition, the right candidate will possess product intuition, and technical understanding to fully integrate with the Security, Engineering and Product teams.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Provide technical project and program management for our Vulnerability Management program. You will be responsible for ensuring our teams are meeting our internal and external SLAs;
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure vulnerabilities are prioritized and remediated in accordance with our internal SLAs.
Coordinate with cross functional stakeholders to:
Provide guidance and recommendations to engineering teams on how to effectively remediate vulnerabilities, including code changes, configuration adjustments, and best practices in secure coding and,
Thoroughly review and validate vulnerability reports received from third-party security researchers, vendors, or internal sources to determine their legitimacy and impact on our applications
Ensure our Vulnerability Management Program aligns to compliance requirements;
Drive establishment of measurable KPIs for both the Security team and our stakeholders;
Develop reporting and communicate progress with executive leadership on a monthly basis,
Help establish a strong culture for Vulnerability Management at Samsara, by developing and contributing to a community of practice.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
6+ years Project or Program Management in a fast paced, technical company; or an equivalent level of experience as a Software Developer or Security Engineer.
Experience with managing priorities across multiple teams; building processes and coordinating tight schedules.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn and work with systems teams to collaboratively implement security improvements across the organization.
Experience with Agile practices and utilizing tools to drive insights, such as JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Tableau and/or other reporting tools.
Proficiency in SQL (Databricks) or Python
Experience with Vulnerability Management tools (Wiz, Snyk, Bug Crowd, etc.) and Databricks.
Experience working within at least one compliance framework (SOC2, ISO, or FedRAMP)
Familiarity with cloud environments, technologies, and best practices (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$129,540—$171,450 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
Sales Engineering at Samsara
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve obstacles common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write sample proof-of-concept scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for this role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
3+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Possess the attitude and aptitude for continuous growth and development.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
5+ years enterprise public sector field experience working with customers in a pre-sales environment.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Skilled in the art of identifying customer value - identifying on delivering what is most important to the customer and tuning out the noise.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.).
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$190,315—$223,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
As a Sales Engineer at Samsara, you'd be an integral part of a diverse team working to help modernize essential industries through the application of cutting edge IoT solutions. Your work would directly contribute to a cleaner, more efficient and productive supply chain by creating safer roadways, reducing fuel consumption and emissions, and providing a consolidated platform for connecting operations. Our daily customer engagements include conversations around how IoT can positively impact logistics management, workplace safety programs, fleet maintenance strategies, global asset management, and regulatory compliance. This means a successful SE at Samsara will develop a thorough understanding of the application of IoT hardware and sensors, hands-on hardware installation strategies, managing data collection over carrier networks, presenting a robust cloud infrastructure, and building third-party system integrations (via our open API) to ensure the best technical solution is presented to Samsara customers.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You have innate curiosity in how businesses work: One day you'll meet with someone in waste management and the next you may be learning about the inner workings of a food distribution center. Our top sales team members seek to learn the ins and outs of the businesses they support in order to make a larger impact.
You build genuine relationships with your customers: The industries we serve have relied on pen-and-paper solutions for years and haven't been met with the type of technology we offer. Our customers value earned trust and human relationships built over time.
You want to be with the best: Samsara's high-performance culture means you'll be surrounded by the best and challenged to go farther than you have before.
You are a team player: At Samsara, sales is a team sport. We help each other out by sharing best practices and focus on winning as a team.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Become an expert on Samsara products: where the rubber of cutting-edge tech (IoT, AI, computer vision) meets the road of driving digital transformation for physical operations.
Articulate to prospects how businesses like theirs use Samsara today to solve problems common to their industry.
Deliver the work products that get deals done. Think discoveries, demonstrations, value assessments, proof of concept implementations, etc.
Walk installers through any scenario, explaining best practices for installing Samsara products and helping build deployment plans.
Write scripts against our open API that solve real-world problems for companies that deliver essential services (for example), and document them for your fellow SE's to use.
Open the door for deeper entrenchment into accounts (integration, upsell, cross sell) by becoming a consultant to your customers.
Act as a liaison between Samsara's product and sales teams, translating technical feedback and enrolling the right customers in our beta programs.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Minimum requirements for the role:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
2+ years experience working with customers in a pre-sales, customer success, or customer/product support capacity.
Ability to influence stakeholders based on your technical sales acumen and a solid understanding of business processes and change management.
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Previous experience managing hardware and/or software product evaluations.
Basic understanding of electronics and electrical systems.
Experience with the following concepts: technical consulting, cloud software, cloud-connected hardware, computer networking, business systems integration, automation and control systems.
An ideal candidate also has:
MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or related discipline.
Work experience in task automation scripting and transferring data between systems using Bash, Python, JavaScript, or equivalent language.
Work experience building solutions leveraging open API's.
Understanding of vehicle diagnostic systems, including Controller Area Networks (CAN bus) and Power Take Off (PTO) applications.
Hobbyist interest in working with things driven by electronic systems (car audio installation/classic car restoration, home automation, building things with raspberry pi, arduino, etc.)
Consistent track record of success selling complex technical solutions through strategic sales cycles.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that OTE pay may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills.
$110,543—$156,100 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
In Samsara's Business Technology Core IT team, we work to deliver awesome systems, support, and experiences that enable our teams to be as impactful as possible. As a member of the team, you'll be responsible for owning the technology and processes that enable our people to do their best work. This role is eligible for remote work in the US except for candidates that are located in the San Francisco Bay Area (all counties within 125 mile radius of the SF) or NYC Metro (within 50 miles of Manhattan city center).
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be an owner for key applications or infrastructure: integrate best practices, develop roadmaps, ensure service availability, optimize performance, and maximize impact
Act as a key Okta engineer to support our StateRAMP compliance efforts
Implement, configure, and troubleshoot StateRAMP infrastructure to meet certification requirements
Work closely with Security and other cross-functional teams to ensure audit compliance
Design, build, deploy, integrate, and maintain the core technologies and services that power our business
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of experience in an IT Infrastructure or IT Systems Engineering role
4+ years of experience with Okta, SSO/Identity Management, and Workflows
Exposure to scale in a SaaS-first IT environment (Google Workspace, Okta, Slack, Zoom, Github, Zendesk, etc)
Okta Certified Professional and/or Okta Certified Administrator
Involved in Compliance programs
Solid fundamentals of IT infrastructure, security, and corporate systems
Enthusiasm for helping others by learning and building things
An ideal candidate also has:
Developed and managed applications in a team environment
Expertise with SIEM Splunk service
Expertise with Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform
Expertise in corporate networking and email infrastructure, CCNP+ knowledge
Experience with Terraforming Okta
Experience working with API's in Javascript (Node.js) and Python
Experience with AWS cloud services: Lambda, EC2, S3, etc
Involved in StateRAMP and FedRAMP Compliance programs
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$90,032—$119,160 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.

About us:
Guardian Agriculture is developing large multicopters for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, our systems radically improve precision and safety while reducing chemical use, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who prioritize high reliability product and service design over exploratory R&D. We are a hands-on team and split our time between development work, system testing, and field deployments. We value safety, thoughtful design, teamwork, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.

Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

Summary:

Guardian Agriculture is seeking a Senior Controls Engineer to help design, prototype, and harden our next generation of multicopters and ground systems. Are you hands-on and prefer an applied robotics position to a desk job? Are you excited to empower growers and improve the sustainability of farming with a real product that solves real problems? This role will require significant components of lab work, hangar work, and field work.
The successful candidate will apply systems thinking, aviation decision making, and operational know-how to safely and deliberately expand the capabilities of our flight team and autonomous systems. They will analyze data to guide component selection, system design, and modifications to flight control software. They will become a go-to resource for developing, testing, and diagnosing complex electromechanical systems that operate robustly in regulated, unstructured environments.

What You Will Do:
Develop our internal fork of the PX4 flight control stack.
Analyze flight sensor performance and associated fallback control modes.
Analyze flight data to identify opportunities for improvement and increased capabilities.
Maintain and develop flight control software, drivers, and control system architecture.
Tune aircraft and subsystem control systems for a desired outcome and develop tools to improve tuning efficiency.
Design and carry-out R&D test activities at test sites and customer locations with flying hardware.

To Be Successful You Will Have:
3-7 years relevant work experience
Thrives in a high collaboration environment.
History of strong communication and presentation skills
Experience delivering high quality software in a code reviewed, CI/CD environment.
Fluency with Python and embedded C/C++
Fluency with Ubuntu and Linux command line scripting and package management
Experience interacting with motor controllers.
Experience with hardware/sensor drivers.
Experience with flight control and state estimation algorithms.
Desire to learn and innovate while solving complex problems.
Strong motivation to deliver solutions that work when deployed in the real world.
Ability to communicate and self-manage during periods of remote work.
Ability to balance forward-thinking implementation choices with delivering solutions that meet immediate business needs.

Additional Qualifications and experience of the ideal Candidate:
Experience working near or maintaining high voltage or high-power machinery.
Experience with PX4
Experience with networking and communication busses (IP, CAN, SPI, UART)
Experience flying small hobby drones.
Experience with digital signal processing and filter design

Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
"Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag"

IbN3T9OrOW
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
The Platform Quality Engineering team works with teams across Samsara's Cloud Platform to ensure mobile, web, and API products function with high quality. The team's goal is to cultivate a quality culture that produces best in class product reliability, usability, and performance across all of our platform development teams.
We're looking for a self-driven, experienced QE for our team who has a real passion for quality, and strives to innovate and try new things, incorporating continuous improvement of testing methods. Someone who has the quality mindset and can find all the ways to ensure our products are high quality and has the motivation and experience to automate tests to make it easy to catch bugs quickly.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Be a part of a development team, quickly understand the product, the architecture and come up with a plan to test/validate functionality, and identify and target weaknesses
Be a part of the development process, collaborating with the engineering and product teams to discover details of proposed functionality, spotting gaps/conflicts and understanding upcoming work
Rapidly diagnose issues and perform root cause analysis with backend, mobile, and fullstack developers
Execute manual and automated test plans across the backend, mobile and web
Develop test fixtures using a hands-on approach to shift from a manual end-to-end testing environment to an automated one.
Design, write and deliver high quality test fixtures, frameworks and build tools to production standards as part of team sprints
Document, structure and maintain automated test cases and code used for test execution
Track performance, report results to management, drive issues to closure
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of experience in a quality engineering function.
3+ years of experience in developing test suites using QA automation tools like Selenium, Cypress etc.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: SQL along with either Javascript or Python
Proven abilities for effective troubleshooting, debugging and perform root cause analysis
Strong communication skills, comfortable working with distributed teams from diverse backgrounds
An ideal candidate also has:
Experience working in teams operating in the IOT domain
Experience creating automation frameworks and automating products across multiple surfaces: mobile, web, and API.
Proficiency with programming and querying languages: GoLang
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$106,080—$156,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the team:
Data and Analytics is a critical team within Marketing. Our mission is to enable revenue performance by providing marketing and sales teams with the insights, tools, infrastructure and consultation to make data driven judgements. We are a scrappy and growing team that loves all things data! The team will be composed of data engineers, analytics managers and data scientists. We are passionate about leveraging world class data and analytics to deliver a great customer experience.
Our team promotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking, innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a team player: Working on our partners requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we're all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Develop and maintain marketing databases, datasets, pipelines and Samsara's Customer Data Platform (CDP) to enable advanced segmentation, targeting, automation and analytics.
Manage critical data pipelines to enable our growth initiatives and advanced analytics. Manage the SLAs for those data pipelines and constantly improve efficiency and data quality.
Facilitate data integration and transformation requirements for moving data between applications; ensuring interoperability of applications with data mart and CDP environments.
Develop and improve the current data architecture, data quality, monitoring and data availability.
Identify data needs from broad stakeholders, understand requirements for metrics and analysis, and build efficient and scalable data products to enable a data-driven marketing approach.
Write sophisticated yet optimized data transformations in SQL/Python to generate data products consumed by customer systems and Analytics, Marketing Operations, Sales Operations teams.
Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Obsess Over the Customer, Build for the Long Term, Growth Mindset) as we scale globally and across new offices
Minimum requirements for the role:
5+ years of working experience in a growth, software or data engineering role
Excellent SQL and Python knowledge with strong hands-on data modeling
Experience with data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ ELT and reporting/analytic tools.
Hands-on experience working with modern data technologies stack such as Databricks, Google Big Query, Redshift, RDS, Snowflake or similar solutions
Experience with development lifecycle tools such as Github, TFS, etc.
Comfort in working with business customers to gather requirements and gain a deep understanding of varied datasets.
Familiarity with customer, marketing and/or web data
Experience integrating data from core Sales and Marketing platforms (e.g. Marketing Automation, CRM, and web analytics)
Self-starter, motivated, responsible, innovative and technology-driven candidate who performs well both unsupervised and as a team member
A proactive problem solver and have good communication as well as project management skills to relay your findings and solutions across technical and non technical audiences
An ideal candidate also has:
Knowledge of Marketo, Salesforce.com and Google Analytics
Experience working with CDPs such as Segment, Blueshift, Lytics or Adobe Real-time CDP
Experience with data visualization tools and packages (e.g. Looker, Domo, Tableau, MixPanel)
Familiarity with Marketing Technologies (MarTech stacks)
Experience coding with Scala, R or Pandas
Data Science, machine learning or predictive analytics experience
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$122,400—$180,000 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
About Us:
Guardian Agriculture develops large multicopters to for applying agricultural chemicals to high-value crops. Our system radically improve precision and safety relative to existing plane- and helicopter-based crop spraying solutions, while reducing chemical use and drift, reducing impact on pollinating insects, and minimizing opportunities for organisms to acquire chemical resistance.
Guardian is a small, multi-disciplinary team of talented engineers, technicians, and operators who are passionate about making an impact by connecting technology to solve critical customer needs. We value collaboration, thoughtful design, and a growth mindset as we scale the organization and build an autonomous system that farmers can trust.
Guardian Agriculture's Autonomous Electric Drone Sprayer
Guardian Agriculture Reaps $20 Million In New Funding

What You Will Do:
As a Senior Electrical Engineer, you will design and build hardware to enable the successful commercial launch of Guardian’s autonomous aerial application system.
You will:
Be the bottom-line owner of critical components of our system, vital to the safe and successful launch of our commercial product.
Own specifications, design, and verification for your components. You will document thoughtful analysis and artfully crafted bench test reports to prove that your designs work safely and reliably.
Work closely with our mechanical and software teams, planning for successful system integration from square one.
Work with our manufacturing team to produce final design documentation and transfer your designs to production.
We will balance assignments against your abilities and interests, but example charges might include:
An Ethernet-connected sensor module to enhance our autonomous capabilities.
An automated functional test system to exercise safety-critical hardware for release testing on hardware.
Main system PCBAs integrating power conversion, instrumentation, and embedded systems components.
Qualifications:
We've seen studies showing that people from underrepresented groups are less likely to apply to jobs when they don't meet 100% of the qualifications. We've tried to keep this section tight, but if the work described above sounds like a fit for you please apply whether you fit into this exact box or not.
Experience with electronic hardware design and integration. Whether that’s a battery-powered device with microcontrollers and sensors talking over I2C, robotic systems integrating third party modules, or sensitive analytical equipment, we are more interested in your ability to think holistically about a problem and make thoughtful design decisions than your expertise with any particular widget.
4+ years of work experience in an engineering role and a demonstrated ability to take ownership of a design.
A strong documentation reflex and the ability to clearly communicate design decisions and tradeoffs.
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent.
Experience automating tedious tasks with Python, or a desire to learn, is a bonus.
Benefits:
Flexible time off, competitive salary, stock options, free company lunch every day, comprehensive benefits package, lots of tools, and the opportunity to build and play with flying machines that will have an environmental impact. We offer three months paid Maternity and Paternity Leave for new parents, and encourage all parents to take it.
Guardian AG stands firmly against racial discrimination and social injustice. Everyone has a voice in our company, and we are committed to equality, inclusiveness, respect, and kindness. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Guardian AG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please send an email to: rocky@guardian.ag
ylC5gHbX8D
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you'll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that's shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you'll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
Recent awards we've won include:
Glassdoor's Highest-Rated Tech Companies for Culture and Values 2023
Great Place To Work Certified™ 2023
Best Place to Work by Built In 2023
Financial Times The Americas' Fastest Growing Companies 2023
Deloitte Fast 500 Companies
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara is seeking an Engineering Manager for our growing Automation Platform team. The Automation Platform team's goal is to build a flexible trigger/logic/action framework that would enable our product teams to leverage the power of Samsara's real time data insights to drive activity and efficiency for our customers. This role is fully remote in the US and Canada.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won't be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You're energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will encourage you to do your best.

Click here to learn about what we value at Samsara.
In this role, you will:
Direct a team that is building a fundamental automation system for reuse across the platform
Partner with product teams to build a flexible framework that maximizes customer value and efficiency
Build roadmaps, engineering plans, and schedule estimates
Promote best practices and establishing team processes
Foster a culture of continuous improvement
Identify infrastructure and architectural investment needs
Coach & mentor software engineers
Conduct regular 1-1s and give performance evaluations
All Roles: Champion, role model, and embed Samsara's cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices
People Manager Roles: Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team
Minimum requirements for the role:
7+ years of professional experience in a Software Engineering role
Experience working on large-scale enterprise software applications
3+ years of direct people management experience with a team of 6 or more engineers
An ideal candidate also has:
Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers
Enjoys understanding users and what would make their day to day processes easier
Loves shipping high-quality features that are immediately used by our customers
Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback
We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data from our backend, and Python and SparkSQL for our data pipeline flows. Direct experience with these technologies is ideal but not required.
Samsara's Compensation Philosophy: Samsara's compensation program is designed to deliver total compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs). A new hire RSU award is awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.
We pay for performance, and top performers are eligible to receive above target equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market positioning.
The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.
$156,332—$229,900 USD
At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background, race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, etc. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems. We are committed to increasing diversity across our team and ensuring that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.
Accommodations
Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.
Benefits
Full time employees receive an above market total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.
Flexible Working
At Samsara, we have adopted a flexible way of working, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they're based. We value in-person collaboration and know a change of scenery and quiet space to work is welcomed from time to time, but also appreciate that the world of work has changed. Our offices remain open for those who prefer to collaborate or work in-office, but we also encourage fully remote applicants. As most roles are not required to be in the office, we are able to hire remotely where Samsara has an established presence. If a role is required to be in a certain location and candidates do not have work authorization for that location, Samsara will conduct an immigration assessment. If the role is not required to be in a specific location, Samsara will move forward with the remote location that works best for the business. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual's ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company.

Please note: Samsara does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Samsara employees.
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-USFS-RMRS-2023-0478
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application package consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV
Two educational or professional recommendations.
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
2/16/2024 11:59:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
USFS Office/Lab and Location: A fellowship opportunity is available with the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service (USFS) within the Rocky Mountain Research Station (RMRS). This opportunity is remote/virtual. Participants must ensure reliable internet connectivity and a productive work environment. Those granted computer access must fulfill all U.S. Forest Service Requirements for mandatory security awareness and role-based advance security training and sign all applicable U.S. Forest Service statements of responsibilities.
At the heart of the U.S. Forest Service's mission is their purpose. Everything they do is intended to help sustain forests and grasslands for present and future generations. Why? Because their stewardship work supports nature in sustaining life. This is the purpose that drives the agency’s mission and motivates their work across the agency. It’s been there from the agency’s very beginning, and it still drives them. To advance the mission and serve their purpose, the U.S. Forest Service balances the short and long-term needs of people and nature by: working in collaboration with communities and our partners; providing access to resources and experiences that promote economic, ecological, and social vitality; connecting people to the land and one another; and delivering world-class science, technology and land management.
The Wildland Fire Management Research, Development, and Application Program (WFM RD&A) is an interagency program responsible for promoting the application of wildland fire science and for the development of decision support tools for the wildland fire community. Currently, the WFM RD&A team is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Wildland Fire Decision Support System (WFDSS), the Interagency Fuel Treatment Decision Support System (IFTDSS), and the Fire Modeling Services Framework (FMSF). These decision support tools incorporate the latest authoritative wildland fire research and data to streamline incident support and fuel treatment planning.
Research Project: The WFM RD&A Data Management Team is responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and managing a large collection of spatial datasets for inclusion in both the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications. As a member of the WFM RD&A Data Management Team, the participant will:
Evaluate new authoritative datasets for inclusion into WFDSS and IFTDSS and report on the findings.
Analyze and report on changes to existing datasets currently referenced within WFDSS and IFTDSS.
Utilize research findings to assist with the update of datasets within the WFDSS and IFTDSS applications.
Collaborate with the application teams to research and resolve data-related application defects.
Research and assist in the implementation of new technological advances that can streamline data management and monitoring within the WFM RD&A program.
Learning Objectives: Through this opportunity, the participant will gain an understanding of:
Wildland fire science, management principles, data management systems, and decision support tools
The Agile software development methodology
Geospatial data analysis, visualization, and management tools (Esri ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, FME, Python)
Mentor: The mentor for this opportunity is Amanda Rumsey (amanda_rumsey@nps.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research, please contact the mentor.
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment has an end date of 9/30/24 but may be extended upon recommendation of USFS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is part-time or full-time.
Participant Stipend: The participant will receive a monthly stipend commensurate with educational level and experience. Includes a health insurance supplement.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens only.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and USFS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, USFS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.USFS.RMRS@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be pursuing or have received a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate degree in one of the relevant fields. Received degree must have been received within the past five years.
Highly Preferred Qualifications:
Programming experience (Python or R are preferable)
Working knowledge of Feature Manipulation Engine (FME) software
GIS developer experience
Familiarity with relational databases and querying languages (SQL)
Proficiency in Esri’s suite of GIS software (ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, etc.)
Experience creating and publishing datasets and/or applications on Esri’s ArcGIS Online platform
Experience with Esri-supported data formats (geodatabases, TIFFs, shapefiles)
Eligibility Requirements
Citizenship: U.S. Citizen Only
Degree: Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 months or currently pursuing.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Earth and Geosciences
Environmental and Marine Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
Mathematics and Statistics
Physics
Social and Behavioral Sciences
Veteran Status: Veterans Preference, degree received within the last 120 month(s).
Organization
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Reference Code
USDA-ARS-NE-2023-0257A
How to Apply
Connect with ORISE...on the GO! Download the new ORISE GO mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store to help you stay engaged, connected, and informed during your ORISE experience and beyond!
A complete application consists of:
An application
Transcript(s) – For this opportunity, an unofficial transcript or copy of the student academic records printed by the applicant or by academic advisors from internal institution systems may be submitted.
A current resume/CV, including academic history, employment history, relevant experiences, and publication list
Two educational or professional recommendations
All documents must be in English or include an official English translation.
Application Deadline
1/19/2024 3:00:00 PM Eastern Time Zone
Description
Applications may be reviewed on a rolling-basis.
ARS Office/Lab and Location: A research opportunity is currently available with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS). This opportunity will be remote.
The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency with a mission to find solutions to agricultural problems that affect Americans every day from field to table. ARS will deliver cutting-edge, scientific tools and innovative solutions for American farmers, producers, industry, and communities to support the nourishment and well-being of all people; sustain our nation’s agroecosystems and natural resources; and ensure the economic competitiveness and excellence of our agriculture. The vision of the agency is to provide global leadership in agricultural discoveries through scientific excellence.
Research Project: Research to be performed includes the computational analysis of gut microbiome data. Types of data include 16S rRNA amplicons, shotgun metagenomic and metabolomic data. The student will document their research and prepare written summaries and figures contributing to scientific publications. A demonstrated ability to multi-task is important as the student may be conducting research on multiple datasets simultaneously.
Learning Objectives: The participant will learn about the interdependency of gut microbiome and metabolome.
Mentor(s): The mentor for this opportunity is LinShu Liu (linshu.liu@usda.gov). If you have questions about the nature of the research please contact the mentor(s).
Anticipated Appointment Start Date: Early 2024. Start date is flexible and will depend on a variety of factors.
Appointment Length: The appointment will initially be for one year, but may be extended upon recommendation of ARS and is contingent on the availability of funds.
Level of Participation: The appointment is full-time during the summer and part-time during the academic year based on the student's availability.
Participant Stipend: The participant(s) will receive an annual stipend commensurate with educational level and experience.
Citizenship Requirements: This opportunity is available to U.S. citizens, Lawful Permanent Residents (LPR), and foreign nationals. Non-U.S. citizen applicants should refer to the Guidelines for Non-U.S. Citizens Details page of the program website for information about the valid immigration statuses that are acceptable for program participation.
ORISE Information: This program, administered by ORAU through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to manage the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), was established through an interagency agreement between DOE and ARS. Participants do not become employees of USDA, ARS, DOE or the program administrator, and there are no employment-related benefits. Proof of health insurance is required for participation in this program. Health insurance can be obtained through ORISE.
Questions: Please visit our Program Website. After reading, if you have additional questions about the application process please email ORISE.ARS.Northeast@orau.org and include the reference code for this opportunity.
Qualifications
The qualified candidate should be currently pursuing a doctoral degree in one of the relevant fields.
Preferred skills:
Experience in the use of Linux, python, and R/RStudio for data cleaning, installation (as needed), and running analyses based on freely available bioinformatics software.
Comfortability working with R/RStudio for data visualization and statistical analysis.
Experience in multivariate statistics, ideally for microbiome data analysis.
Solid basic computational ability and a willingness to learn is preferred; experience with microbiome-specific bioinformatics software is also preferred.
Experience with microbiology/microbial physiology or knowledge of the gut microbiome literature is a plus.
Eligibility Requirements
Degree: Currently pursuing a Doctoral Degree.
Discipline(s):
Computer, Information, and Data Sciences
Life Health and Medical Sciences
