
Exempt Edison, NJ Posted on September 01,2023
Position Title: Dot Net Developer
Years of Experience: 2-3 Years
Client: Confidential
Location: Remote
Work hours: 9 am - 5pm EST
Technical Skills:
· C#
.Net Core 5
Postgress SQL
Angular 11
Micro service
Docker
AWS (Knowledge)

Job Description:
The contractor shall provide services including (but not limited to) the following:
Application configuration;
Application coding;
Quality assurance testing and deployment;
End-user production support.
The management of the entire software development process, from conception to deployment.
Updating and maintaining the software after deployment.
Controlling the whole life cycle of the software and application development process.
Overseeing and directing the evaluation, creation, and implementation of software.
Directing the automated testing and giving management input as the project is being developed.
Modifying existing programs and testing the modifications.
Troubleshooting and fixing bugs and other coding issues.
Writing effective APIs.

Mandatory/Minimum Qualifications/Requirements (Must Haves for the Candidate):
[Required]Minimum of 3-4 years of experience working as a Dot net programmer having C#, ASP.NET CORE, Angular 11, HTML5, Postgress SQL.
[Required] Good experience in Docker and Microservice Architechture.
Highly Desired/Preferred Requirements (Nice to Haves for the Candidate):Evaluated –
Good Experience on Amazon Web Services (AWS) Amazon EC2 and Amazon Simple Email Services (SES)
Who Are We?
Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.
Job Category
Technology
Compensation Overview
The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.
Salary Range
$115,700.00 - $190,900.00
Target Openings
1
What Is the Opportunity?
Travelers is seeking a Software Engineer II to join our organization as we grow and transform our Technology landscape. Individual will complete advanced end to end engineering tasks for specific system assignments including designing, developing, analyzing, configuring, testing, debugging, troubleshooting, documenting, health monitoring/alerting, and implementing based on user or system specifications, consulting with users to determine hardware, software or system functional specifications, managing interaction between the systems and other technical support areas and defining technical requirements and coordinating team resources to solve problems.
What Will You Do?
Perform analysis, design, development, and configuration functions (includes defining technical requirements) with a high degree of accuracy and speed, operating as an individual contributor to team goals.
Perform analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of advanced complexity and escalate appropriately.
Work independently to tackle well-scoped and loosely scoped problems.
Seek opportunities to expand technical knowledge and capabilities.
Provide technical guidance and mentorship to less experienced employees.
Regularly interact with the developer community supporting their coding needs, educating them on best practices and ensuring code quality remains of highest quality
Perform other duties as assigned.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
Four years of programming/development experience preferred.
3-5 years of .NET experience
3-5 years of JavaScript, Angular, React
Strong OOP fundamentals and familiarization with some design patterns
Code Quality, unit tests
Knowledge of CI-CD pipelines
Agile
Technical leadership
SQL, No-SQL
Public cloud/AWS experience a plus
Delivery - Intermediate delivery skills including the ability to estimate accurate timelines for tasks and deliver work at a steady, predictable pace to achieve commitments, contribute to the software design strategy and methodologies used to best meet the system requirements, consider and build for many different use cases, avoid over engineering, and ensure automation, deliver complete solutions but release them in small batches, and identify important tradeoffs and negotiate them.
Domain Expertise - Demonstrated track record of domain expertise including understanding technical concepts necessary to do the job effectively and aware of industry trends, demonstrate willingness, cooperation, and concern for business issues and priorities, and possess in depth knowledge of immediate systems worked on and some knowledge of adjacent systems.
Problem Solving - Strong problem solver who ensures solutions are built for the long term, is able to resolve new issues, recognizes mistakes using them as learning and teaching opportunities and consistently breaks down large problems into smaller, more manageable ones.
Communication - Strong communicator who possesses the ability to articulate information clearly and concisely with the business, document work in a clear, easy to follow manner, collaborate well with team members as both a mentor and mentee, take in vague requirements and ask the right questions to ensure clarification, offer feedback appropriately and effectively, seek out and receives constructive criticism well, listen when others are speaking and make space for colleagues to share their thoughts.
Leadership - Intermediate leadership skills with the ability to help create a safe environment for others to learn and grow as engineers and a proven track record of self-motivation in identifying opportunities and tracking team efforts.
What is a Must Have?
Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent in work experience.
Two years of programming/development experience.
What Is in It for You?
Health Insurance: Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers.
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays.
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals. In addition, our Life Balance program provides access to professional counseling services, life coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs. Through Life Balance, you’re eligible for five free counseling sessions with a licensed therapist.
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice.
Employment Practices
Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that we can deliver the very best products and services when our workforce reflects the diverse customers and communities we serve. We are committed to recruiting, retaining and developing the diverse talent of all of our employees and fostering an inclusive workplace, where we celebrate differences, promote belonging, and work together to deliver extraordinary results.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an
email
so we may assist you.

Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.
To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit
http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/
.
About Juristat
Juristat is a fast-growing SaaS provider assisting law firms and companies at all stages of the patent prosecution process. Juristat’s analytics platform aids patent attorneys and in-house intellectual property teams in creating the most value for their own clients and maximizing the value of patent portfolios. Juristat’s workflow automation products ensure that law firms are able to prosecute their clients’ patent applications as efficiently as possible.
About the Position
Juristat’s clients are our highest priority and we are seeking a tech-savvy, engaged, and motivated full-time client success specialist to join our team! You will be responsible for ensuring your assigned clients receive best-in-class support and derive maximum value from the SaaS tools and workflow automation tools that Juristat provides. Our Client Success Team manages all post-sales efforts, regularly checks in with clients, provides feedback for our product development, and builds a trusted relationship with each of our corporate and law firm clients.
Client Success Specialist Responsibilities
Take ownership of client issues and follow problems through to resolution
Providing best-in-class onboarding and training for new and existing clients
Creatively and consistently communicating the value of our products and services
Consult with clients and deliver analyses of Juristat’s impact on their IP practice goals or initiatives
Ensure successful renewal of annual contracts by delivering continuous value to clients
Proactively identify at-risk clients and partner with Sales to identify up-sell opportunities with current clients
Draft client-facing documentation including support articles, FAQs, and participate in quarterly client education webinars.
Respond to calls, chats, and emails in a timely, professional, and positive manner ensuring responses are complete, accurate and conform to company core values and policies
Contribute to Client Success Team growth and scalability through ongoing internal projects and initiatives
Qualifications and Skills
We are receptive to (and encourage!) team members to have new and creative ideas to improve our processes and work environment and we recognize the benefits and advantages that having team members with different backgrounds and technical experiences provides. The right applicant for this position will learn our current processes and infrastructure and suggest ideas for improvement. We are looking for people to join our team who can do the above and have the following qualifications and skills:
2+ years of client success or account management experience in a B2B or B2C organization
Self-starter with strong organizational skills and the ability to think strategically and who likes working in an agile, ever-changing business environment
Ability to think strategically about client relationships and issues
Strong verbal and written communication skills; ability to create and deliver compelling presentations to senior leaders at client organizations
Proficient with Microsoft Office suite and/or Google Docs/Drive, knowledge of CRM software preferable
Excellent attention to detail
Ability to quickly learn and use new software and web applications (both Juristat products used by clients and internal tools)
Compensation and Benefits
We value our employees and offer competitive salary and benefits, including:
Competitive base salary ($45,000 - $55,000)
Health, Dental, and Retirement benefits offered
Unlimited PTO
Quarterly $250 professional development budget
100% remote work, with office space available for use

- - - - - -
ABOUT JURISTAT
We believe the key to that success is building a team of self-motivated, curious people who get things done.
We don’t care what you wear to work, what you look like, or if you prefer to work remotely forever. All we care about is that you have an unflinching drive to do your best.
“In 2012, a lawyer, a data scientist, and a software developer walked into a startup event…”
Yes, our beginnings read like the start of a joke. But in bridging the gap between the legal industry and the technology worlds, we built a suite of tools unlike any other on the market.
Obtaining a U.S. patent is a springboard to innovation. But the process can be time-consuming and expensive. We aim to remove as much guesswork as possible from the patent application process. And since 2012, law firms and corporate legal teams have trusted Juristat’s data analytics and workflow automation solutions to do just that.
Here at Juristat, we continue to work towards that bold vision for the future of the legal industry. With each new product iteration, we’re one step closer to realizing our mission – to bring more transparency, predictability, and equity to patent prosecution.
We’re obsessed with improvement – in our products, our processes, and ourselves.
As an organization, we thrive in small teams that allow us to be fast and flexible and avoid the bureaucracy that slows growth. We are driven by opportunity and our passion for creating change.
WHAT WE OFFER
We enjoy working in a safe, welcoming, and inclusive environment. We all agree to follow a code of conduct. Additionally, we show our team members that we value them by offering the following:
Remote position with no pressure to ever come back to the office
Flexible personal leave policy
Competitive salary
Medical, dental, and vision coverage
401k with up to 4% company match
Professional development funding
Fun and flexible work environment
Juristat is an equal-opportunity employer. We're excited to work with people no matter their race, color, creed, religion, veteran status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, pregnancy status, or mental or physical disability.
Due to the high volume of applicants, we ask that you do not call to inquire about the status of your application. If you are a good fit for the position, you will receive an email inviting you to the next stage. If you have a specific question about the role, please reach out through this form.
FSVUXAi9vg
Cognizant’s Digital Engineering practice is seeking a highly qualified Senior Front End/React Developer with experience developing and building high-performing, scalable, enterprise applications. You will be part of a digital software team that works on high-demand applications. Our engineers have a passion for high-quality, reliable and maintainable code. You will work side by side with product managers, designers, and clients, making decisions together in order to quickly deliver valuable working software to clients and their users. Our engineers are agile and retrospective, and not afraid to identify what we’re doing wrong, so we can fix it, and what we’re doing right, so we can improve on it. Above all, we judge success by the success of our team and the happiness of our customers.
Cognizant Digital Engineering If you’re like us, you’ve got big ideas. At Cognizant, we’re exploring new ideas every day. We help industry leading companies reinvent their business models and innovate products that create new value—by connecting people with things, insights and experiences. Cognizant digital engineering designs, engineers and delivers digital products and experiences that drive digital-first business models. We offer the most comprehensive digital engineering expertise and client-centric methodology for sustainable innovation.

Location: Phoenix AZ (Fully Remote)
You must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future.
Cognizant will not sponsor H-1B or other U.S. work authorization for this role.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with other outstanding engineers to power the most exciting digital experiences.
Work in a fast-paced agile environment
Add documentation for technical stack to assist in crafting roadmaps and reducing tech debt.
Write unit and end-to-end tests.
Assist in solving production problems raised by customer support.
Optimally communicate needs/blockers/concerns & work collaboratively with other teams
Taking initiatives to tackle problems.
Meet with marketers and authors to improve their workflow and efficiency.
Must Have Skills
Bachelor’s degree or combination of relevant education, experience, and training
7-11 years of experience in JavaScript, React, React Native, Reactjs and Redux Library.
Must have expertise in Payer, Claims, and Medicare & Medicaid Claims domains.
Experience working with HTML 5,CSS, JavaScript, Advanced JS and Typescript will be highly preferred.
Expertise with React Native and significant experience working across the tech stack, specifically Javascript, React, and React Native iOS or Android
Knowledge of debugging JS/React Native/Redux application.
Knowledge of modern web development tools and workflows, such as Webpack, Babel, and Git
Strong communication and great product sense.

Why Choose Cognizant?
It takes a lot to succeed in today’s fast-paced market, and Cognizant Technology Solutions has become a leader in the industry. We love big ideas and even bigger dreams! We stand out because we put human experiences at the core. Our associates enjoy robust benefits and training opportunities from our industry-recognized, award-winning Academy team. You will have access to hundreds of technical trainings to keep your skillsets fresh and have opportunities to acquire certifications on the newest technologies.
Everything we do at Cognizant we do with passion—for our clients (fortune 100 companies), our communities, and our organization. It’s the defining attribute that we look for in our people.
If you love ambiguity, excited by change, and excel through autonomy, we’d love to hear from you!
#LI-US5
Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Travel : No
Job Posting : Dec 21 2023
About Cognizant
Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
Applicants may be required to attend interviews in person or by video conference. In addition, candidates may be required to present their current state or government issued ID during each interview.
Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information.
Detroit, MI and various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. Job Duties: As part of a team,
design, develop, implement, test, maintain, and support business and computer applications software or
specialized utility programs, and enhancements of existing systems for client projects. Assist in all
phases of the software development life-cycle (SDLC). Collaborate with other software
engineers/developers to gather and analyze user and business requirements, document specifications,
and develop software solutions to meet client needs and data. Analyze user needs and software
requirements to determine feasibility within time and cost constraints. Create appropriate software
documentation. Support and troubleshoot software as required, including testing / quality assurance,
optimizing performance, resolving issues, and providing solutions. Demonstrate knowledge in
development methodologies, software design patterns, and software engineering best practices for the
application of development domain areas and specific technologies and tool sets. Travel and/or
relocation required.

Requirements: This position requires a Bachelor&#39;s degree or foreign academic equivalent in Computer
Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Information Technology, CIS, MIS, or
a related field. Plus 2 years of experience in the job offered or 2 years in a related occupation including
Software Engineer, Programmer Analyst, Systems Analyst, or related experience. 40hrs/week.

Application Instructions: To apply, please email resume to Prabha Ramamurthy, Manager at
career@intellibee.com, ensuring to indicate the position reference code (Ref# SDI2023) for which you
are applying.
Requisition ID: 2433
Location: Houston, US, 77056
As ENGIE Resources pursues its vision of Energy Transition, significant changes are required in the way we work and the tools we use. To meet the goals of this transformation, our company needs to implement redesigned systems and processes using the latest in digital technology. As ENGIE Resources pursues its vision of Energy Transition, significant changes are required in the way we work and the tools we use. To meet the goals of this transformation, our company needs to implement redesigned systems and processes using the latest in digital technology.

The Associate Developer position requires an openness to learning new technologies and best practices. The Associate Developer develops, tests, deploys, and supports production issues for ENGIE Resources. The position consists of full-stack development and administration.

Reporting to the Director of Solution Delivery, this position sits in Houston, TX is eligible for a hybrid work schedule.

The safety of our employees is our number one priority. All employees at ENGIE have both a duty and the authority to STOP WORK if unsafe acts are observed

What you’ll do:
Design and develop web and cloud-based applications using the Microsoft .NET framework and Azure platform
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features
Work with Azure services such as Azure App Services, Azure SQL, and Azure Storage
Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Troubleshoot and debug applications
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders to improve the application
Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency
Coordinate with product owners, architects, and system owners in the testing of new features.
Develop assignments that meet both functional and non-functional quality requirements.
Test code via automated unit testing & acceptance testing frameworks.
Break requirements into development tasks, provide estimated hours to develop, communicate impediments, participate in roadmap creation and architectural design.
Pursue training and education to keep skillset in line with industry standards.
Accept and perform code reviews based on defined coding standards and contributes to coding standards.
Occasional administrative and configuration tasks.
Other duties as assigned.

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or MIS curriculum OR a minimum 5 years of IT, IS, Technology experience in lieu of a degree
Experience with C# and the .NET framework
Experience with Azure services such as Azure App Services, Azure SQL, and Azure Storage a plus
Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with Git or other version control systems
Knowledge of common design patterns
Interpersonal skills and a collaborative working style

Additional Information/Conditions:
Must be eligible to work for any U.S. employer without the need for sponsorship now or in the future
Must be willing and able to comply with ENGIE’s policy with respect to COVID vaccination and testing
Must be willing and able to comply with all ENGIE ethics and safety policies
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is not exposed to weather conditions
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate
Ability to meet highest attendance requirements
Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbally
Ability to handle multiple assignments on a timely basis with a high degree of accuracy
Ability to use a company computer, calculator
Work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with the needed assistance to perform the essential functions
Eligible for a hybrid schedule consisting of in-office and work-from-home opportunities

Why ENGIE?

ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon Transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is renewable, efficient, and accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

At ENGIE, our goal is to support, promote, and thrive on diversity, equity, and inclusion. We do so for the benefit of our employees, customers, products and services, and community. ENGIE is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we are firmly committed to creating an equitable and inclusive environment for all employees.

We are committed to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at ENGIE are based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications. ENGIE is committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), gender identity, or gender expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, civil union, or domestic partnership status, military service or veteran status, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, or any other legally protected category (referred to as “protected characteristics”) as defined by applicable federal, state or local law in the locations where we operate.

Salary Range: $75,915 – $126,525 USD, annually
Actual salary offered may vary depending on geography, experience, education, internal pay alignment, or other bona fide factors
In addition to salary, this position is eligible for a competitive bonus / incentive plan
At ENGIE we understand that benefits matter, we offer competitive benefit options including medical, dental and vision coverage, life insurance, employer paid short-term and long-term disability insurance, paid vacation, holidays, sick leave, parental leave, and a 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan option with a company match
More information can be found here: Discover our employee benefits

ENGIE complies with all federal, state, and local minimum wage laws.
Your talent acquisition partner can share more specific information regarding the salary for the position based on the work location.

If you need assistance with this application or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at ENGIENA-ENGIEHR@engie.com. This email address is reserved for individuals with disabilities in need of assistance and is not a means of inquiry regarding positions or application status.
Business Unit: GEMS
Division: GEMS - BP US SUPPLY
Legal Entity: ENGIE North America Inc.
Contract Type: Permanent
Job Type: Full - Time
Professional Experience: Junior (experience < 3 years)
Education Level: Bachelor's Degree

Nearest Major Market: Houston
The Software Developer will be assigned to an internal software development team working on TCC's mobile workforce productivity application. Candidate will work under the direction of TCC Project Manager. Project teams are close-knit groups typically consisting of 2-5 developers who are encouraged to openly share their ideas with one another. All projects utilized the AGILE SCRUM Methodology.
IMMEDIATE START - upon completion of Pre-employment background check and drug screen.
REMOTE POSITION - prefer candidates in EST or CST time zones.
WORK AUTHORIZATION - must be able to verify U.S. Citizenship or U.S. Green Cardholder.
Essential Functions:
Interpreting business technical and functional requirements and design client server and Internet Based Software solutions to meet those requirements.
Innovative problem solving, data analysis, design, coding, and testing skills.
Design, code, test, and debug software applications in accordance with established coding standards and best practices.
Participate in the design and architecture of software systems, ensuring scalability, maintainability, and efficiency.
Oversee code reviews to ensure code quality, adherence to coding standards, and knowledge sharing within the development team.
Create and maintain technical documentation, including system architecture, design documents, and code documentation.
Identify and resolve software defects and issues through systematic debugging and troubleshooting
Mentor/assist lower-level SW developers.
Analyze complex, multi-user systems and business rules and be able to perform modifications.
Acquire and maintains additional technical skills for professional development.
Required Education, Experience, and Skills
Associate degree in Computer Science, or a comparable degree or equivalent work/school experience.
3-6 years of experience participating in collaborative development environment preferred.
Experience with the following:
C#, LINQ
WPF, XAML
Object Oriented Languages
ASP.NET, Entity Framework
REST Web API
Azure DevOps, Visual Studio
Experience with relational databases such as Microsoft SQL
Experience with multi-tier application design and development and knowledge of design patterns, unit testing and integration.
Ability to automate routine maintenance and tasks via scripting languages.
Understanding of distributed systems and data structures, both in design and implantation.
Proficient at interpreting business technical and functional requirements and design solutions to meet those requirements.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment and balance individually assigned work.
Communicate in a professional manner with staff, peers, senior staff, and internal or external customers.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Customer service oriented .
Additional Education, Experience, and Skills
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or applicable work/school experience a plus.
Certifications in specified technologies preferred.

Benefits
Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance
Employer-funded Health Reimbursement Arrangement (HRA)
Company sponsored 401k
Paid Time Off
About TCC Solutions
TCC is the leading provider of early childhood education and care technology and services to state and local government agencies for the benefit of children, families, and providers. Founded in 1996, TCC is a minority-owned business enterprise (MBE), with nearly 25 years of experience and 180 team members, including subject matter experts with deep expertise in early childhood business, program, and policy. TCC has designed, developed, implemented, operated, and/or maintained early childhood solutions for state and local governments nationwide. Importantly, we have a demonstrated track record of being nimble, flexible, and responsive as new legislation and changing technologies emerge.
TCC’s purpose is to improve the lives of children and families through innovative childcare and early education solutions.
Our mission is to be the nation’s leading partner to state and local childcare and early education agencies.
And we live by our values: customer satisfaction, innovation, integrity, respect, and valuing families.
Accessibility: If you need an accommodation as part of the employment process
please contact Human Resources at Email: tcc.recruiting@e-tcc.com

Equal Opportunity Employer, including disabled and veterans.
Moz is looking for a strong mid or senior level Node.js Software Developer to join the User Services team, responsible for building applications to support all invoicing, charging, and subscription-management for Moz products.
The User Services team at Moz is responsible for ensuring we have the services we need to keep business running. This includes User Authentication and Logins as well as Subscriptions management and Billing. The team is part of the larger engineering group at Moz which supports the development of Moz’s core SaaS products. Engineering collaborates across roles and disciplines to deliver tools for digital marketers in all industries and aspects of Search.
What you’ll do:
Lead the team through our agile framework to scope projects and deliver software against the subscription and payments problem-space using using the following technologies:
Node.js
SQL
Work collaboratively with the engineers on the User-Services team to ensure quality and performance of the systems through code reviews, documentation, analysis and enforce engineering best practices to ensure high-quality software
Contribute to our devops culture by maintaining our systems, including creating documentation, runbooks, monitoring and alerting, integration tests, etc.
Maintain SLAs for our applications, add logging, metrics and alerts to ensure errors are proactively identified and corrected.
Lead and mentor people through architecture design and development for new features and capabilities, and for migration of legacy systems, to meet business and customer needs.
Take turns in the on-call rotation, handling systems and operations issues as they arise including responding to off-hours alerts
Build internal administrative tools for customer support, account management, and other business users
Share information and help unblock team members using your expertise and experience to enable them to learn and contribute effectively.
Collaborate with other teams on dependent work and integrations as well as be vigilant for activities happening outside the team that would have an impact on the work that User Services does.
Required Experience:

At least 5 years of experience as a software engineer delivering products or services using web technologies
Experience working with SQL, Node.js, Javascript, micro-service architecture
Experience working with relational databases
Experience working with API design and distributed backend systems
Experience working remotely with a distributed team
Great problem solving skills
Preferred Experience:

Led a team of engineers on a project and seen it to successful completion
Experience mentoring junior team members
Been involved in a cross-team effort for improving adherence to standards eg. Observability
Worked on a payments processing system
Experience working with AWS
Experience working with Stripe API
About the Moz Group

The Moz Group, a subsidiary of Ziff Davis, Inc (NASDAQ: ZD), is a leading provider of marketing technology solutions primarily for small and medium-sized enterprises that empowers businesses to engage their customers digitally and grow their revenue by leveraging the power of online search, email, voice, and text communications.

About Ziff Davis

At Ziff Davis, we work in a culture of collaboration and welcome those who desire to join our growing global community. We seek enthusiastic individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit looking for and environment that rewards your best work.

Ziff Davis offers competitive salaries, health benefits, and company-sponsored events. If you are seeking a dynamic work environment where you can see the direct impact of your performance, then Ziff Davis is the place for you. We offer a fun and friendly working environment where individuals are given the opportunity to learn, grown and build on their skills.

#Moz
Remote
Full-time, 40 hours/week
Pay negotiable commensurate with experience
Come join one of the best places to work in Columbia, MO! Our development team is at the core of SuretyBonds.com’s industry-leading technology products and innovations. We are a small and growing team that prides itself in our modern tech stack: React, Next JS, TailwindCSS, Node JS, Express, MongoDB, AWS, Docker.
We’re looking to hire developers of all experience levels across our technology stack. So, even if you think you’re not a perfect fit for this position, we still encourage you to apply if:
You have a strong grasp of modern JavaScript development and are passionate about designing, testing, and implementing clean and maintainable code.
You enjoy working autonomously as well as collaborating with team members when launching industry-leading user interfaces and/or backend services.
Most importantly, you understand the inherent value that comes along with questioning the status quo, which enables you to break down complicated concepts into simpler and easier processes.
Interested in joining our Development Team?
We are hiring for all skill levels, so while we don’t expect you to meet all of the following, here are some of the responsibilities, skills, qualifications, and interests we expect you to have (depending on experience). We know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don’t hesitate to apply — we’d love to hear from you.
What you will do:
Act as a Full-Stack Developer and write clean, maintainable, and testable code using ES6 JavaScript and the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express, React, and Node).
Maintain and refactor existing web applications, and develop new applications and features
Collaborate with other team members through code reviews, design sessions, and meetings
Act as project lead on feature requests
Understand and influence company vision and strategy
Work with company leaders to inform product roadmapping, identifying bugs and devising solutions for these problems
Provide system support on in-house applications
How you will work:
You will be an engaged participant in checking/testing both your and the rest of the team’s work
Engage in problem analysis from both engineering and non-engineering staff, and collaboratively map that into a project plan
You will work closely with the entire development team and company leadership/stakeholders
What you need to know (or be willing to learn):
Proficient in NoSQL databases - we use MongoDB
Full-Stack JavaScript - we use ES6 and the MERN stack
Experience building and consuming REST APIs
Familiarity with Git
Bonus Points:
Comfortable in Linux servers and the command line
Experience with AWS, Ansible, Docker, and/or micro-service app architecture
Interest in the insurance industry
Experience writing tests for software - unit, integration, end-to-end, etc.
Characteristics of a SuretyBonds.com Development Team Member
Positive, solution-oriented thinker who is willing to take initiative and add value where they see it.
Does not practice gatekeeping, and is open to ideas from all experience levels and skillsets.
Quick learner and eager to help and/or learn wherever needed.
The capacity and desire to take ownership and accountability of a project.
What sort of schedule should I expect to work?
We’re pretty flexible. Our home office is open from 7 AM to 7 PM CST so our Production and Customer Care Teams can easily service clients nationwide. Development Team members typically work sometime between 8 AM CST and 6 PM CST and have a regular daily standup at 9 AM CST. Positions on our Development Team can be either fully remote or hybrid (if located in Columbia, MO).
What can I expect to earn?
Starting pay is negotiable and commensurate based on the skills and experience you would bring to our Development Team.
A few of our many company benefits include:
6% 401K matching
20% time – Every Friday you decide what you work on – learn something new, test out a new feature, etc.
Paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Flexible health, vision, and dental plans sponsored by the company
Fun and casual work environment - no dress code!
Monthly company events that foster camaraderie
Our Perks
Full benefits available
Flexible health, vision, and dental plans to help you be healthy.
Monthly company events
Whether it’s a pie tasting, happy hour, MLB game, or family picnic, enjoy getting to know co-workers.
Excellent 401k plan
Up to 6% matching to help secure your future!
Tuition reimbursement
Continue to learn and grow by taking advantage of our continued education program.
3 weeks paid time off every year
Take time to travel or catch up with loved ones. Try both simultaneously – if you dare!
Fun and casual work environment
Rock your flip flops year-round! If you like cheese puffs, bring enough to share.
I’m definitely interested! How do I apply?
Please email your resume to careers@suretybonds.com and tell us about yourself, your experience, which position you’re interested in, and why you think you’d be a great addition to the SuretyBonds.com team.
As a Front End Software Engineer, you will join a highly functioning team comprised of a combination of full time and part-time professionals across the globe. If you can demonstrate success then you will have a chance to work across multiple products of increasing power and complexity.
If you are interested in part-time contract work then you may work remotely as long as there is significant overlap of your working time with the Central Time Zone in the United States. If you’re interested in joining us on a full time basis then this is an on-site position based at our office in Wichita, Kan. You must be authorized to work in the United States.
Responsibilities:
As part of a team, deliver complete frontend sites and products.
Parse APIs (JSON) into front-end interfaces using Angular 2, HTML & CSS (LESS).
Build responsive design, handle page navigation and turn mock-ups into web pages quickly and according to spec.
Write, test, maintain and document re-usable code.
Participate fully in code reviews and work with internal designers, developers and QA to ensure quality code.
Collaborate daily with other frontend developers, backend developers, and our data team across the full software development lifecycle.
Technical Skill and Experience Requirements:
Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysis
Software development fundamentals, including testing, troubleshooting and using version control (we use GitHub).
5+ years of professional development experience.
Familiar with and/or have experience with Agile development under the SCRUM methodology.
Demonstrated achievement in front-end development technologies using JavaScript frameworks (we use Angular 2+), HTML5, CSS3 and advanced JavaScript (portfolio required).
Ability to create component-based reusable and testable modules and pages.
Experience using data interchange formats, such as JSON or XML.
Team player with excellent communication skills.
Nice to Have Skills and Experience:
Background in Angular (1 or 2), Meteor.js, Bootstrap, Webpack, Node or Gulp.
Experience building responsive web sites.
Ability to write unit tests using BDD or TDD.
Eye for detail.
Understanding of one or more of these: databases, platforms, APIs, caching layers, proxies, or other web services used in the system.
Keys to Success
Demonstrated ability to brutally prioritize. Be prepared to give examples of critically important projects you didn’t get done in favor of even more important projects. What criteria did you use to make your decision?
Team player willing to take direction, yet with the initiative to identify and act on matters without waiting for direction. This one is really important.
Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning & using the latest tools, and constantly want to learn new things.
Highly-motivated and thrive in an environment where opportunities are many times of your own making.
Enjoy engaging in passionate discussions with smart people and letting the best ideas rise to the top.
Strong communication skills, both with technical and nontechnical audiences.
Willingness to work as part of a team and embrace best practices, like version control, code reviews, documentation and workflow management tools.

Please pay careful attention to these directions because we won’t look at resumes that are not 100% compliant with all the instructions.
How NOT to Apply:
We only wish to receive applications from principal job seekers – no recruiters, please.
Sending us your resume unaccompanied by the required materials below.
How to Apply:
Send a Word or PDF formatted resume to: [email protected]
Your Subject line should follow this format: Job Title | Your First and Last Name. eg. Full Stack Developer | Truman White
In the body of your email please state your interest in the given position, tell us the preferred way to contact you, and answer this question: “I believe people do their best work when………………….”
Careers
Mid-Full Stack Developer
(View all jobs)
Remote - LATAM Only
Acklen Avenue is a trusted partner in outsourced development. We help ambitious companies accelerate software delivery by providing complete agile development teams as well as staff augmentation.

Acklen Avenue offers more than talent. Our dedicated teams offer a mature product development process, staffed with experienced, full-time experts. And our staff augmentation offering delivers fully vetted and Acklen approved individual developers to add the right skills when and where you need them.

OVERVIEW
Acklen Avenue is a trusted partner in outsourced development. We help ambitious companies accelerate software delivery by providing complete agile development teams as well as staff augmentation.
Acklen Avenue offers more than talent. Our dedicated teams offer a mature product development process, staffed with experienced, full-time experts. And our staff augmentation offering delivers fully vetted and Acklen approved individual developers to add the right skills when and where you need them.

WHO YOU ARE
You’re a Software Developer proficient in technologies such as, JavaScript, React, NextJS, TypeScript & NodeJS. With these technical skills, you will be working on a property management software platform specifically related to partner integrations on their main platform. This person will primarily be working on backend development and integrations.

POSITION ACCOUNTABILITIES
Below is a list of skills/attributes that a Software Developer should possess at all levels, with increasing levels of competency as they attain higher levels and titles.
Agile Lean Knowledge: Solid understanding of the principles and practices of Agile and Lean methods such as Scrum, Kanban, and XP by:
Vertically slicing functionality into the work to be done to deliver near production ready code.
Pivoting the development of features based on client feedback with the guidance of the team
Ability to learn new languages and technologies: Be able to apply their general software development knowledge while learning new languages and technologies, leveraging their years of experience to aid their learning process by:
Identifying similarities and differences between programming languages
Identifying applicable best practices for the new programming language
Stays current with new and evolving technologies via formal training and self-directed education
General Software Design and Architecture Knowledge: Be able to design software solutions that satisfy client requirements and/or identify bugs by:
Leverage different design patterns to solve specific client requirements
Leverage existing software frameworks that speed up the development of software solutions to meet client requirements
Leverage technologies available to the project that can take care of part of the functionality that needs to be developed (Like for example, an authentication provider for user management and security)
Problem solving oriented mindset
Basic CI/CD concepts
Apply Clean Architecture principles
Write good quality and secure code: Be able to write good quality code that is maintainable, easy to understand, and easy to debug in case of an error by:
Write code using test driven development to ensure quality and compliance with requirements
Apply SOLID principles and Clean Coding practices
Make sure code is compliant and can pass all of the security recommendations published in the OWASP TOP 10 security risks
Client communication: Be able to communicate with clients to gather further details on requirements and receive feedback on the work being done.
Teamwork: Be able to work as a part of a team and collaborate with other team members by:
Participating in daily standups, retrospective meetings and grooming sessions
Pair programming
Demonstrates a solid understanding of the impact of own work on the team
Git principles
Professionalism: Demonstrates professionalism in their work ethic, interactions with peers, and dealing with clients.

POSITION SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS

Fullstack Developer (This would be you!)
JavaScript
React.js
Next.js
TypeScript
Node.js
Experience with proptech software is a bonus!

CORE VALUES
At Acklen, we are committed to creating a place for people to grow and improve their lives. We really care about growing people. We are not Messing Around.
Committed to Personal Growth
Seek First to Understand
Bring Out the Best in Others
Solutions-Oriented

Mid Level.
Full-time job (40 hours a week)
Contract Length: 6 month - 1 year
B2-C1 Advanced English Level.
Availability from 8-5pm in the EST-PST-CST time zone.
Remote Work.
LATAM based only.

CORE VALUES
At Acklen, we are committed to creating a place for people to grow and improve their lives. We really care about growing people. We are not Messing Around.
Committed to Personal Growth
Seek First to Understand
Bring Out the Best in Others
Solutions-Oriented
Apply for this Job
* Required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone *
Resume/CV *
Attach
Dropbox
or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
Cover Letter
Attach
Dropbox
or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
What are your yearly or hourly salary expectations in USD? *
What is your availability to start? *
Please select
Place of Residence *
Do you have fluent English to participate in global meetings and provide information with details? *
-
If selected, do you agree to an Employment Verification and Criminal Records?* *
-
LinkedIn Profile
Website
Source: (Where did you find this Job Posting) *
Please select
Benefits
Work with and from a variety of countries
Level up your career with opportunities to invest in a variety of skills
Be a part of a tight-knit team that sticks together from project to project
Values
Committing to personal growth
Bringing out the best in others
Seeking first to understand
Finding solutions

Develop the proof of concepts, contributes to the documentation as bi-weekly sprint cycles of Agile Scrum methodology workflow through grooming and Involved in sprint planning meetings which demonstrates to the business. Followed the best practices for creating the organization structure, Rules (code) creation, framework reuse while implementing the application. Travel/reloc to various unantic locs.
Send res to: Rigelsky Inc., 120 W. Golf Rd, Suite 106, Schaumburg, IL 60195 or email: farheen@rigelsky.com.
SEQTEK is looking for software developers that are interested in advancing their careers, learning new technologies, and joining a team-oriented environment. As a Full Stack Software Developer you’ll develop and deploy software solutions for image labeling, data analytics, data organization, and machine learning pipelines.
What are we looking for in you?
Professional experience in software development
In depth documentation experience with complex projects
Proven ability to learn new skills and demonstrate curiosity
Excellent communication skills
Strategic thinking, problem-solving, and decision-making capabilities
Strong desire to grow with the company and deliver valuable results
Expertise should include some or all of the following:
JavaScript
Python
C#
SQL
AWS
.NET

Apply here
Make your first move in giving your career a massive push forward.

You can also send an email to our recruiter at recruiting@seqtechllc.com
Our Purpose
We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a
culture of inclusion
for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.
Title and Summary
Software Engineer
Overview:
As a Software Engineer in Data Platform & Engineering Services team, you’ll hold a valued role within a rapidly growing team inside one of the world’s most successful organizations, working closely with experienced and passionate engineers to solve problems customer problem. You will be partnering with the data engineering teams, so the ability to influence and provide operational guidance is key. Initially, the Developer focus will be contributing to the development of operational tools and practices that help maintain service availability across hosted and cloud-based infrastructure. You must understand the full stack and how systems are built as well as a grasp of operational best practices.

Your Role:
As a member of the Unified Data Acquisition and Processing (UDAP) platform team, you will be responsible for building tools and systems that deploy and scale our applications and data in hybrid - cloud and physical - environments. We enable the platform that helps teams across multiple programs to build, test, deploy and host hundreds of data pipelines across several global datacentres along with enterprise logging, monitoring and vulnerability detection.

All About You:
At least Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Technology related field or equivalent work experience
3+ years of experience in Data Warehouse related projects in product or service-based organization
3+ years as a Software Engineer
Experience solving for Scalability, Performance and Stability
Experience in a programming language in Java
Experience working in SQL and relational databases
Expert knowledge of Linux operating systems and environment and Scripting
A deep expertise in your field of Software Engineering
Expert at troubleshooting complex system and application stacks
Operational Experience in Big Data Stacks (Hadoop ecosystem, Spark is a plus)
Operational experience troubleshooting network/server communication is a plus
Motivation, creativity, self-direction, and desire to thrive on small project teams
Strong written and verbal English communication skills
In the US, Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact reasonable_accommodation@mastercard.com and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly.
Corporate Security Responsibility

All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and, therefore, it is expected that every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security and must:
Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines.
Pay Ranges
O'Fallon, Missouri: $88,000 - $136,000 USD
Responsibilities
Performs complex programming assignments requiring an advanced aptitude of established programming standards.
Acquires and interprets business requirements, creates functional specifications and determines the most efficient/appropriate technologies.
Performs analysis of business models, logical specifications and/or customer requirements to design and build business solutions utilizing multiple technologies.
Contributes to, reviews and approves technical designs of software solutions.
Knowledge of unit testing/TDD/Automated testing.
Requirements
Bachelor's Degree
Minimum 5 years of experience with Java and JavaScript.
Experience with Junit is preferred.
Great team player with positive attitude.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Strong technical aptitude, fast learner and effective problem solver..
Self-motivated, goal oriented, quality driven and capable of working both independently and in a team with minimal supervision.
Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities.
Strong foundation in object oriented programming and associated design concepts.
Provide and accept constructive criticism.
4+ years experience J2EE, DB2, XML, and Spring.

For employment verification, email hr@staxatechnologies.com or call +1(919)-371-4177
Houston, Texas
Tech Hiring
3041338
Job Description
About Wipro:
Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading technology services and consulting company focused on building innovative solutions that address clients’ most complex digital transformation needs. We leverage our holistic portfolio of capabilities in consulting, design, engineering, operations, and emerging technologies to help clients realize their boldest ambitions and build future-ready, sustainable businesses. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 250,000 dedicated employees serving clients across 66 countries. We deliver on the promise of helping our customers, colleagues, and communities thrive in an ever-changing world.
A PROUD HISTORY OF OVER 75 YEARS
FY22 REVENUE 10.4 BN USD
WE’RE PRESENT IN 66 COUNTRIES
OVER 1,400 ACTIVE GLOBAL CLIENTS

Position: Full-Stack Web Developer
Location: Houston, TX (Onsite only)

Job description :
We are seeking a Full-Stack Web Developer with 3-5 years of hands-on experience in developing and maintaining robust web applications. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of user interface design and experience in backend development using .NET technologies.
Key Responsibilities:
Design, develop, and maintain user interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks.
Implement responsive web design principles to ensure that our web applications render well across multiple devices.
Work with .NET technologies (MVC & .NET Core) to develop and maintain server-side logic and functionality.
Integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic and functionality using standard .NET frameworks.
Build reusable code and libraries for future use.
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs by collaborating with the design team.
Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability.
Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to the back-end services.
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders in the development process.
Follow emerging technologies and industry trends and apply them into operations and activities.
Maintain and enhance existing web applications and all integrated systems.
Technical Qualifications:
Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3.
Strong understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS.
Client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks experience, including jQuery.
Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, or DurandalJS.
Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
Familiarity with front-end build tools, such as Grunt and Gulp.js.
Proficient knowledge of .NET, including but not limited to ASP.NET MVC, .NET Core, Web API, Entity Framework.
Familiarity with database technology such as SQL Server, Oracle, and NoSQL databases like HBase, MongoDB or CouchDB.
Understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git, Mercurial or SVN.
Experience with cloud service providers, such as AWS or Azure, is a plus.
Knowledge of RESTful API design and development.
Experience with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.
Certifications:
Certifications in .NET, front-end technologies, or other relevant areas are a plus.
Soft Skills:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Ability to manage a project independently.
A keen eye for detail and a commitment to excellence.
Willingness to learn new technologies and to adapt to changing project requirements.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expres.

#LI-AK7
Windows Platform Engineering

If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements, or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please email us at helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com. Do not email your resume to this ID as it is not monitored for resumes and career applications.
Any complaints or concerns regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our Ombuds Group at ombuds.person@wipro.com

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Wipro is committed to creating an accessible, supportive, and inclusive workplace. Reasonable accommodation will be provided to all applicants including persons with disabilities, throughout the recruitment and selection process. Accommodations must be communicated in advance of the application, where possible, and will be reviewed on an individual basis. Wipro provides equal opportunities to all and values diversity.
If interested or any questions please contact
Email: info@teradyneit.com
Attn: Human Resources

We will get in touch with you as quickly as possible and ensure total confidentiality

Description:
Develop, create, and modify general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. Analyze user needs and develop software solutions. Design software or customize software for client use with the aim of optimizing operational efficiency. May analyze and design databases within an application area, working individually or coordinating database development as part of a team. Creating application for a customer who is logged in web portal ,Responsible for developing, coding, testing and debugging highly complex multi-tier systems Work with modern JavaScript MV-VM/MVC frameworks,Create and consume Web Services, specifically REST and/or SOAP APIs, Work with Backend with BigData Technologies: Hadoop Map

Job openings through our headquarters in Farmington Hills, MI
Job Location:
Multiple undetermined worksites throughout the U.S
Qualification:
Education: Bachelors or Master degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or in a related field of study (will accept equivalent foreign education);
Other Requirements:
Must be willing to travel and relocate; telecommuting may be allowed in certain situations, as approved by HR Manager.

Gist about our Company:

A leading venture capitalist (VC) in Silicon Valley commented that “Evergent is a diamond in the rough”. Evergent today manages over 560M+ user accounts in over 180+ countries on behalf of our customers. Globally Evergent is working with 5 of the top 10 carriers (AT&T, Etisalat, SingTel, Telkomsel, and AirTel) and 4 of the top 10 media companies (HBO, FOX, SONY and BBC). We are not surprised by the VC comment. We have done this with an amazing global team of 300+professionals. Evergent is recognized as the global leader for Customer Lifecycle Management for launching new revenue streams without disturbing the inflexible legacy systems. The need for digital transformation in this subscription economy and our ability to launch services in weeks is what sets Evergent apart. We welcome you to come and meet with us.

Responsibilities:
Drive new products and features through the development process; Gather and create product requirements and specifications;
Partner with Design Managers to run a scrum team of designers: setting clear goals, managing project loads and allocating designers, accordingly, ensuring deadlines are met and setting up team members for overall success;
Interface and drive collaboration between the UX, Dev and Product Management teams, connect all three groups, and ensure inter-dependencies are understood and planned for effectively;
Identify UX team needs with regards to process, tools, documentation, asset management, etc.
Implement and drive required changes to make sure designers can be most efficient;
Collaborate with design leadership, product, engineering peers and external partners to institute design processes and cross-functional collaboration models and ensure a smooth product development process;
Provide clear communication to cross-functional team leads regarding design deliverable status, resource requirements, issues, and priorities;
Identify risks, prioritize and collaborate with partners to resolve in a timely manner;
Insure the design teams are in collaboration with one another and all working toward a consistent design throughout the Evergent Product;
Ensure project meets deadlines and is completed within budget;
Leads the continued development and implementation of the CI Culture, standardized work, information flow, problem solving, strategy deployment and continuous improvement;
Exercise technical judgment in working with cross-functional teams;
Review and test code to ensure it works properly; Manage and execute on company audits from various sources with internal and external stakeholders;
Provide technical leadership, but not line management of cross functional teams.;
Present status on a weekly / monthly basis to the local and regional leadership teams.
Tools: Siebel CRM 8.1.x, Open UI, Siebel IP 2015, CLICK Scheduling and Routing, Sales Force, Sales CRM.

Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science.
Minimum experience: Position requires five (5) years of post-baccalaureate experience that is progressive in nature.
Minimum Requirement: Five (5) years of experience must include five (5) of experience in Siebel CRM 8.1.x, Open UI, Siebel IP 2015, CLICK Scheduling and Routing, Sales Force, Sales CRM.
Employer will conduct drug testing/screening, background check, reference check, motor vehicle check, Education, SSN and criminal check.
Job Site: El Segundo, CA. Please send resumes referencing the aforementioned job title and reference number to Evergent Technologies, Inc., 1250 Borregas Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 or email to shruti.padia@evergent.com
Develop the proof of concepts, contributes to the documentation as bi-weekly sprint cycles of Agile Scrum methodology workflow through grooming and Involved in sprint planning meetings which demonstrates to the business. Followed the best practices for creating the organization structure, Rules (code) creation, framework reuse while implementing the application. Travel/reloc to various unantic locs.
Send res to: Rigelsky Inc., 120 W. Golf Rd, Suite 106, Schaumburg, IL 60195 or email: farheen@rigelsky.com.
Enhancesoft is a fast-growing, profitable, software-product development company based in Alexandria, Louisiana.
Our flagship software, osTicket, has been downloaded over 5 million times, and has users in over 190 countries, making it the most popular open-source ticketing software in the world. The hosted version of osTicket (SupportSystem) launched in August 2013, and has gained significant traction in the help desk and ticketing space, with over 100 new users signing on each month.
We’re looking for a Software Developer who would love to contribute to the development of a software product used by thousands of people every single day.
This position will report to the Senior Software Engineer.
You will be one of our Software Developers and responsible for the development of additional features/functionality, troubleshooting issues, and working directly with clients to customize our two core products (osTicket and SupportSystem).
You may be a match for this role if you:
Have a deep and unfiltered love for command-line
Are proficient in PHP
Are a team-playing, collaborator extraordinaire and own your work
Love the idea that your work will impact hundreds of thousands of users
Key Responsibilities:
Analyze, design, develop, test, debug and implement software features utilizing PHP
Produce efficient, clean and well-commented code using best practices in all aspects of your work from software design to version release to testing
Relentlessly improve and expand your skillset
Contribute to code improvement — track down and squash bugs, review code, assist customers in solving issues, document code
Commit to gaining a thorough understanding of our core products – both technically and from the customer perspective.
Requirements:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skillsand attention to detail
Demonstrated ability to plan, organize and prioritize work
Deep and unfiltered love for command-line
Effective written and oral communication skills
1 – 3 years of experience with PHP
Ability to communicate with non-technical peers and customers of technical constraints or issues and the appropriate solutions
Not required but strongly recommended:
HTML / CSS and Javascript experience
Working knowledge of OOP
Background with Linux and *nix operating systems
Familiarity with a software development life cycle

Job Features
Job Category
Engineering

Company Benefits
Enhancesoft offers a highly competitive salary with excellent benefits. If you want to join a small but growing team, with a proven track record, that is poised and preparing for hyper growth, click “Apply” below to begin the application process. We’ll call or email if we think there’s a good fit. Background checks will be required of final candidates. Enhancesoft is an equal opportunity employer.

About Our Location
We’re based in downtown Alexandria, LA – a riverside town named one of Louisiana’s two adventure towns by National Geographic magazine. We’re in the heart of the Kisatchie, the state’s only national forest. Backpack, kayak, mountain bike. Join the diehards for their annual New Year’s Day ride or run on the 31-mile Wild Azalea Trail. Find your tribe at a MakerMorning. Paddle with a crew in the dragon boat races at Alex River Fete, shuffle with the Zombies or yarn-bomb trees as ArtWalk approaches. We’re home to a branch of Louisiana State University as well as smaller colleges, attractive and affordable historic housing and a burgeoning farmers market and restaurant scene committed to local foods. With a mix of small towns and sweeping rural agricultural landscapes, the region’s natural resources are abundant. Alexandria is also located within easy driving distance of Lafayette and Baton Rouge and less than four hours from Houston and New Orleans.
Houston, Texas
Tech Hiring
3041338
Job Description
About Wipro:
Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading technology services and consulting company focused on building innovative solutions that address clients’ most complex digital transformation needs. We leverage our holistic portfolio of capabilities in consulting, design, engineering, operations, and emerging technologies to help clients realize their boldest ambitions and build future-ready, sustainable businesses. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 250,000 dedicated employees serving clients across 66 countries. We deliver on the promise of helping our customers, colleagues, and communities thrive in an ever-changing world.
A PROUD HISTORY OF OVER 75 YEARS
FY22 REVENUE 10.4 BN USD
WE’RE PRESENT IN 66 COUNTRIES
OVER 1,400 ACTIVE GLOBAL CLIENTS

Position: Full-Stack Web Developer
Location: Houston, TX (Onsite only)

Job description :
We are seeking a Full-Stack Web Developer with 3-5 years of hands-on experience in developing and maintaining robust web applications. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of user interface design and experience in backend development using .NET technologies.
Key Responsibilities:
Design, develop, and maintain user interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks.
Implement responsive web design principles to ensure that our web applications render well across multiple devices.
Work with .NET technologies (MVC & .NET Core) to develop and maintain server-side logic and functionality.
Integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic and functionality using standard .NET frameworks.
Build reusable code and libraries for future use.
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs by collaborating with the design team.
Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability.
Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to the back-end services.
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders in the development process.
Follow emerging technologies and industry trends and apply them into operations and activities.
Maintain and enhance existing web applications and all integrated systems.
Technical Qualifications:
Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3.
Strong understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS.
Client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks experience, including jQuery.
Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, or DurandalJS.
Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
Familiarity with front-end build tools, such as Grunt and Gulp.js.
Proficient knowledge of .NET, including but not limited to ASP.NET MVC, .NET Core, Web API, Entity Framework.
Familiarity with database technology such as SQL Server, Oracle, and NoSQL databases like HBase, MongoDB or CouchDB.
Understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git, Mercurial or SVN.
Experience with cloud service providers, such as AWS or Azure, is a plus.
Knowledge of RESTful API design and development.
Experience with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.
Certifications:
Certifications in .NET, front-end technologies, or other relevant areas are a plus.
Soft Skills:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Ability to manage a project independently.
A keen eye for detail and a commitment to excellence.
Willingness to learn new technologies and to adapt to changing project requirements.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expres.

#LI-AK7
Windows Platform Engineering

If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements, or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please email us at helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com. Do not email your resume to this ID as it is not monitored for resumes and career applications.
Any complaints or concerns regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our Ombuds Group at ombuds.person@wipro.com

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Wipro is committed to creating an accessible, supportive, and inclusive workplace. Reasonable accommodation will be provided to all applicants including persons with disabilities, throughout the recruitment and selection process. Accommodations must be communicated in advance of the application, where possible, and will be reviewed on an individual basis. Wipro provides equal opportunities to all and values diversity.
Locations: NY - New York, United States of America, New York, New York
Lead Software Engineer, Full Stack (ReactJS, NodeJS, Python, AWS)
Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Full Stack Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Lead Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One.

What You’ll Do:
Lead a portfolio of diverse technology projects and a team of developers with deep experience in distributed microservices, and full stack systems to create solutions that help meet regulatory needs for the company
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Utilize programming languages like JavaScript, Java, HTML/CSS, TypeScript, SQL, Python, and Go, Open Source RDBMS and NoSQL databases, Container Orchestration services including Docker and Kubernetes, and a variety of AWS tools and services
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
At least 6 years of experience in software engineering (Internship experience does not apply)
At least 1 year experience with cloud computing (AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud)
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's Degree
7+ years of experience in at least one of the following: JavaScript, Java, TypeScript, SQL, Python, or Go
3+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another cloud service
4+ years of experience in open source frameworks
1+ years of people management experience
2+ years of experience in Agile practices

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.
New York City (Hybrid On-Site): $197,400 - $225,300 for Lead Software Engineer
San Francisco, California (Hybrid On-Site): $209,200 - $238,700 for Lead Software Engineer
Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate’s offer letter.
This role is also eligible to earn performance based incentive compensation, which may include cash bonus(es) and/or long term incentives (LTI). Incentives could be discretionary or non discretionary depending on the plan.
Capital One offers a comprehensive, competitive, and inclusive set of health, financial and other benefits that support your total well-being. Learn more at the Capital One Careers website. Eligibility varies based on full or part-time status, exempt or non-exempt status, and management level.
This role is expected to accept applications for a minimum of 5 business days.
No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender reassignment, citizenship, immigration status, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited under applicable federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
For general inquiries or to receive an update on your application, email dream@dorabot.com.

Job Summary
The full stack developer will work with the software team to design and build applications for both desktop and web to configure and control our robotics hardware. In this role, you will help design the user experience for both looks and feel as well as function. You will also work with the team to support the interaction between the front and the backend and support the entire software stack. The ideal candidate is able to build easy-to-use software and communicate complex requirements to achieve that goal.
Responsibilities
Design the user experience to make our products easy to use
Build robust software to address the many challenges of robotics applications
Design flexible software architectures following object-oriented design principles from a set of requirements
Collaborate with the product development and technical teams on requirements, development, and support through a product life cycle
Participate in code reviews
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent experience
Experience working with Linux, Docker, and git
Experience with complex production level software development environment (version control, automated testing, build systems)
Experience with several common high-level web and desktop frameworks (e.g. React, Angular, Electron, etc.)
Programming experience with web technology Javascript/CSS/HTML (Typescript experience a plus), REST
Programming experience with some high-level languages such as C++ or Java
UI/UX experience
Solid understanding of networking and interaction between different levels of software
Must have the ability to work independently with minimal supervision
Work with a flexible schedule and demonstrate effective time management

Benefits
Health insurance including dental & vision benefits
Adjustable desks
Flexible work schedule
Annual bonuses
Free snacks & drinks
401K
Employee appreciation events
Moz is looking for a strong mid or senior level Node.js Software Developer to join the User Services team, responsible for building applications to support all invoicing, charging, and subscription-management for Moz products.
The User Services team at Moz is responsible for ensuring we have the services we need to keep business running. This includes User Authentication and Logins as well as Subscriptions management and Billing. The team is part of the larger engineering group at Moz which supports the development of Moz’s core SaaS products. Engineering collaborates across roles and disciplines to deliver tools for digital marketers in all industries and aspects of Search.
What you’ll do:
Lead the team through our agile framework to scope projects and deliver software against the subscription and payments problem-space using using the following technologies:
Node.js
SQL
Work collaboratively with the engineers on the User-Services team to ensure quality and performance of the systems through code reviews, documentation, analysis and enforce engineering best practices to ensure high-quality software
Contribute to our devops culture by maintaining our systems, including creating documentation, runbooks, monitoring and alerting, integration tests, etc.
Maintain SLAs for our applications, add logging, metrics and alerts to ensure errors are proactively identified and corrected.
Lead and mentor people through architecture design and development for new features and capabilities, and for migration of legacy systems, to meet business and customer needs.
Take turns in the on-call rotation, handling systems and operations issues as they arise including responding to off-hours alerts
Build internal administrative tools for customer support, account management, and other business users
Share information and help unblock team members using your expertise and experience to enable them to learn and contribute effectively.
Collaborate with other teams on dependent work and integrations as well as be vigilant for activities happening outside the team that would have an impact on the work that User Services does.
Required Experience:

At least 5 years of experience as a software engineer delivering products or services using web technologies
Experience working with SQL, Node.js, Javascript, micro-service architecture
Experience working with relational databases
Experience working with API design and distributed backend systems
Experience working remotely with a distributed team
Great problem solving skills
Preferred Experience:

Led a team of engineers on a project and seen it to successful completion
Experience mentoring junior team members
Been involved in a cross-team effort for improving adherence to standards eg. Observability
Worked on a payments processing system
Experience working with AWS
Experience working with Stripe API
About the Moz Group

The Moz Group, a subsidiary of Ziff Davis, Inc (NASDAQ: ZD), is a leading provider of marketing technology solutions primarily for small and medium-sized enterprises that empowers businesses to engage their customers digitally and grow their revenue by leveraging the power of online search, email, voice, and text communications.

About Ziff Davis

At Ziff Davis, we work in a culture of collaboration and welcome those who desire to join our growing global community. We seek enthusiastic individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit looking for and environment that rewards your best work.

Ziff Davis offers competitive salaries, health benefits, and company-sponsored events. If you are seeking a dynamic work environment where you can see the direct impact of your performance, then Ziff Davis is the place for you. We offer a fun and friendly working environment where individuals are given the opportunity to learn, grown and build on their skills.

#Moz
Location: Fairfax, Virginia and Telework

Job Description:

Possesses and applies a comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high impact assignments. Plans and leads major technology assignments. Evaluates performance results and recommends major changes affecting short-term project growth and success. Functions as a technical expert across multiple project assignments. May supervise others.
(i) Designs, develops, enhances, debugs, and implements software. Troubleshoots production problems related to software applications.
(ii) Researches, tests, build, and coordinate the conversion and/or integration of new products based on client requirements. Designs and develops new software products or major enhancements to existing software.
(iii) Addresses problems of systems integration, compatibility, and multiple platforms.
(iv) Consults with project teams and end users to identify application requirements.
(i) Performs feasibility analysis on potential future projects to management.
(vi) Assists in the evaluation and recommendation of application software packages, application integration and testing tools.
(vii) Resolves problems with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.
(viii) Acts as team leader on projects.
(ix) Instructs, assigns, directs, and checks the work of other software developers on development team.
(x) Participates in development of software user manuals.

Education Required: BS/BA
Years Experience Required: 4+
Special Skills:
(i) AWS development
(ii) AWS Environment configuration
(ii) Hadoop configuration and development
(iv) data migration of GB and TB levels
(v) Information System Migration
Contact Name: President
Phone: 703.409.4479
Email: president@kingz.biz
Preferred Contact Method: Email
DUTIES: Responsible for Design, develop and unit test applications using Java-based technologies, including Java, J2EE, JSP, XML, JDBC, Web Services, MVC, Servlets and other required technologies in JAVA, Support QA teams with test plans, root cause analysis and defect fixing,Work with Production teams and move the code to Production environment, Develop code adhering to coding standards and test-driven development approach, 5 years of experience analyzing, designing and implementing solutions using J2EE technologies, including JSF,JAXB, JPA, JMS, MQ Series, Strong knowledge of coding, testing, and debugging applications. Create technical design documentation and root cause analysis documentation.3+ years of experience writing JUnit tests. Represent Development Team in SDLC/Scrum/Agile sprints, attending stand-ups and estimating complexity for tasks assigned. REQUIREMENTS: Master's in Computer Science,Information Technology,Management information systems or, equivalent with 2 years of experience.

Bachelor's in Computer Science,Information Technology,Management information systems or, equivalent with 5 years of experience. SALARY: $86000 per year HOURS: 9:00 A.M. - 5:30 P.M 40 hours per week POSITION LOCATION: Competent Systems Inc. 4080 McGinnis Ferry Rd Suite# 1504 Alpharetta GA 30005 USA.

May require travel to various unanticipated client sites nationally. CONTACT: Human Resources Manager, Competent Systems Inc. (Attn: 151004), 4080 McGinnis Ferry Rd Suite# 1504, Alpharetta GA 30005 USA. Email Techjobs@competentsystems.com with “Attn: 151004” at the subject line.

Location : Alpharetta, Georgia 30005
Typescript/Node/React Developer - Tucson, AZ(Hybrid) Client: Bayer Term: 6+ months (may extend) Location: Hybrid – Tucson AZ 3 days per week onsite Work Status: USC / Green Card Perfect English/Communication skills Rate: W2 Rate open Requirement • 5 years (minimum) Typescript/Node.Js/ReactJS • Pass Filtered (technical test) in JavaScript or typescript, • Bachelor's degree • Work Onsite 3 days/week in Tucson, AZ. Must fill out to be considered Candidate Name C-Phone C-Email Yrs Typescript Yrs React Yrs Node GC/USC C- Location Rate W2+6 Fee Your email 6/8/23 What is the interview process, will you schedule a phone screen, video conference or in person interviews? Filtered.ai pre-interview, then teams interview ************** Full Stack Developer (Typescript/Node/React) This developer position is on-site 3 days a week in Marana, AZ Work in a fast-paced R&D environment Create webpages using TypeScript, Node, and React to interact with automated machinery Design databases, SQL queries, and JSON APIs Provide feedback in the product design and specification process A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected Responsible for code development, debugging, analyzing test results, implementation, support, and enhancement of automated system software programs used in agricultural research. Required Qualifications • Minimum of 5 years experience in a programming field, database design, or server administration • Proficient in programming TypeScript/JavaScript with 2+ years experience • Proficient in SQL Query Development, Relational Database Design • Proficient in JSON API development • Requires a bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar bachelors degree • Strong verbal and written communication skills Preferred but not required qualifications Git source control experience GitHub Actions automation Docker Continuous Integration tools Why is this position open? Growth on the team, turn over, skills gap? Team growth Location of this role (CC, North Campus, Chesterfield, etc)? Marana, AZ (Tucson) What is a day like in this role? What 3-5 responsibilities will occupy their time? Typescript development for greenhouse operations Who will this person work with on a daily basis? Team developers and Local on-site users Tell me about the team dynamic/culture. Work in R&D, create things that have never been done before What are the must haves to be successful in this role? Must have work experience with Javascript (Typescript) What is the long term plan for the role? Develop software for use in Marana, AZ and re-use the code at other facilities around the world What will make this opportunity stand out for potential candidates? They will write software that interacts with automation machines Is this more maintenance or new development work? New Development What kind of soft skills are you looking for? Able to gather requirements from end users and provide support What is the minimum number of years of experience required for this position? 5 years programming with 2+ years of JavaScript (TypeScript) What is the minimum level of education needed for this position? BS Degree Any certifications required for this role? no
Gist about our Company:

A leading venture capitalist (VC) in Silicon Valley commented that “Evergent is a diamond in the rough”. Evergent today manages over 560M+ user accounts in over 180+ countries on behalf of our customers. Globally Evergent is working with 5 of the top 10 carriers (AT&T, Etisalat, SingTel, Telkomsel, and AirTel) and 4 of the top 10 media companies (HBO, FOX, SONY and BBC). We are not surprised by the VC comment. We have done this with an amazing global team of 300+professionals. Evergent is recognized as the global leader for Customer Lifecycle Management for launching new revenue streams without disturbing the inflexible legacy systems. The need for digital transformation in this subscription economy and our ability to launch services in weeks is what sets Evergent apart. We welcome you to come and meet with us.

Responsibilities:
Drive new products and features through the development process; Gather and create product requirements and specifications;
Partner with Design Managers to run a scrum team of designers: setting clear goals, managing project loads and allocating designers, accordingly, ensuring deadlines are met and setting up team members for overall success;
Interface and drive collaboration between the UX, Dev and Product Management teams, connect all three groups, and ensure inter-dependencies are understood and planned for effectively;
Identify UX team needs with regards to process, tools, documentation, asset management, etc.
Implement and drive required changes to make sure designers can be most efficient;
Collaborate with design leadership, product, engineering peers and external partners to institute design processes and cross-functional collaboration models and ensure a smooth product development process;
Provide clear communication to cross-functional team leads regarding design deliverable status, resource requirements, issues, and priorities;
Identify risks, prioritize and collaborate with partners to resolve in a timely manner;
Insure the design teams are in collaboration with one another and all working toward a consistent design throughout the Evergent Product;
Ensure project meets deadlines and is completed within budget;
Leads the continued development and implementation of the CI Culture, standardized work, information flow, problem solving, strategy deployment and continuous improvement;
Exercise technical judgment in working with cross-functional teams;
Review and test code to ensure it works properly; Manage and execute on company audits from various sources with internal and external stakeholders;
Provide technical leadership, but not line management of cross functional teams.;
Present status on a weekly / monthly basis to the local and regional leadership teams.
Tools: Siebel CRM 8.1.x, Open UI, Siebel IP 2015, CLICK Scheduling and Routing, Sales Force, Sales CRM.

Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science.
Minimum experience: Position requires five (5) years of post-baccalaureate experience that is progressive in nature.
Minimum Requirement: Five (5) years of experience must include five (5) of experience in Siebel CRM 8.1.x, Open UI, Siebel IP 2015, CLICK Scheduling and Routing, Sales Force, Sales CRM.
Employer will conduct drug testing/screening, background check, reference check, motor vehicle check, Education, SSN and criminal check.
Job Site: El Segundo, CA. Please send resumes referencing the aforementioned job title and reference number to Evergent Technologies, Inc., 1250 Borregas Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 or email to shruti.padia@evergent.com
Java/J2EE Developer I (Multiple Openings)

Job Duties: Utilize knowledge of, and experience with, Java/J2EE tools and technologies, to design, develop, test and support Java/J2EE applications while under close supervision. Responsibilities include the following:
1. Participate in modification of existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance;
2. Assist with the development of software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation;
3. Under supervision, confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to assist in system design and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces;
4. Participate in consultations with customers about software system design and maintenance;
5. Subject to review and approval by a supervisor, coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met;
6. Obtain and evaluate information on factors such as reporting formats required, costs, and security needs to determine hardware configuration.
Minimum requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Applications, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical or Electronics Engineering, or a related field, and 2 years of experience in the job offered or in a related position. Employer will accept a three-or four-year bachelor’s degree, including a foreign degree.
No travel or telecommuting. Position is project-based at various unanticipated work sites within the U.S. and relocation may be required at the end of each long-term project.
Additional Information:
Job Site: 410 Peachtree Pkwy, Suite 4245, Cumming, GA 30041
Travel: No travel or telecommuting. Position is project-based at various unanticipated work sites within the U.S., and relocation may be required at the end of each long-term project.
Mail resumes to: Windsun Technologies Inc., 410 Peachtree Pkwy, Suite 4245, Cumming, GA 30041, Attn.: HR
No phone calls or emails. EOE.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.

Play a pivotal role in designing and implementing the next generation of uParts as it continues to grow and evolve. Be part of an exciting, dynamic environment, engineering software solutions for all aspects of the company.
We work hard to create the best possible environment for our software development team. We purposely work in small, focused and fast-paced teams in order to foster an environment where our developers can feel free to learn and grow, and we outfit each developer with large LCD monitors, a new MacBook Air or MacBook Pro, and all the free soda, development tools and books they can handle. Come join us and work on projects where you can feel free to explore and take advantage of the latest and greatest technologies.
Responsibilities
Work directly with the CTO and Product Teams to design and implement new features and functionalities to the existing product
Be responsible for larger projects, building out new applications and platforms as the company grows and expands
Perform development work both independently as well as in small development teams
Execute the technical design, development, testing and deployment of new features and functionality
Job Requirements
2+ years of proven software development, on shipped products and/or launched web applications
Experience with Object Oriented design principles and programming methodologies is a must
2+ of PHP and at least 1 year of .NET/J2EE/Ruby/Python/C++ experience
2+ years of MySQL experience
Passion for usability and user-focused design
Experience with JavaScript and AJAX (XHR) a plus
Experience with LAMP-stack administration a plus
Experience with GIT or a distributed source control management system a plus
Experience with any Object Oriented framework (Qcodo, Rails, Zend Framework, Struts, Hibernate, etc.) a big plus
Experience with the Qcodo Development Framework an even bigger plus
Must be a local candidate or must be willing to relocate to the Los Angeles / Orange County Area (relocation reimbursements may be considered, but only for exceptionally qualified applicants)
Compensation
Compensation is based on a competitive market-rate salary with generous bonuses, stock options, and full benefits (PTO, medical, dental, etc.).

Please email jobs@uparts.com with your resume, some coding samples and a list of some projects, products or applications that you have worked on and are most proud of. Please include your specific roles and responsibilities for each one that you list.
If your application is selected, you will go thru an initial phone screening and then be asked to perform a basic coding exercise (likely 1 or 2 hours) which can be done on your own time. Then the final step would be an in-person interview at our office in Torrance.
Careers
Mid Senior Software Developer
(View all jobs)
Remote - LATAM Only
Acklen Avenue is a trusted partner in outsourced development. We help ambitious companies accelerate software delivery by providing complete agile development teams as well as staff augmentation.

Acklen Avenue offers more than talent. Our dedicated teams offer a mature product development process, staffed with experienced, full-time experts. And our staff augmentation offering delivers fully vetted and Acklen approved individual developers to add the right skills when and where you need them.

Mid Senior Software Developer
OVERVIEW
Acklen Avenue is a trusted partner in outsourced development. We help ambitious companies accelerate software delivery by providing complete agile development teams as well as staff augmentation.
Acklen Avenue offers more than talent. Our dedicated teams offer a mature product development process, staffed with experienced, full-time experts. And our staff augmentation offering delivers fully vetted and Acklen approved individual developers to add the right skills when and where you need them.

WHO YOU ARE
You’re a Mid/Senior Software Developer proficient in technologies such as .NET Framework,.NET Core, C#, MVC, Web Forms, SQL stored procedures, JavaScript, jQuery, Entity Framework, Web API, Gitlab, Jira, and Octopus. With these technical skills, you will assist us with the design, development, and implementation of software solutions. In this specific role, you will focus on defect resolution and data manipulation versus new builds.

POSITION ACCOUNTABILITIES
Below is a list of skills/attributes that a Software Developer should possess at all levels, with increasing levels of competency as they attain higher levels and titles.
Agile Lean Knowledge: Solid understanding of the principles and practices of Agile and Lean methods such as Scrum, Kanban, and XP by:
Vertically slicing functionality on the work to be done to deliver near production ready code.
Pivoting the development of features based on client feedback with the guidance of the team
Ability to learn new languages and technologies: Be able to apply their general software development knowledge while learning new languages and technologies, leveraging their years of experience to aid their learning process by:
Identifying similarities and differences between programming languages
Identifying applicable best practices for the new programming language
Stays current with new and evolving technologies via formal training and self-directed education
General Software Design and Architecture Knowledge: Be able to design software solutions that satisfy client requirements and/or identify bugs by:
Leverage different design patterns to solve specific client requirements
Leverage existing software frameworks that speed up the development of software solutions to meet client requirements
Leverage technologies available to the project that can take care of part of the functionality that needs to be developed (Like for example, an authentication provider for user management and security)
Problem solving oriented mindset
Basic CI/CD concepts
Apply Clean Architecture principles
Write good quality and secure code: Be able to write good quality code that is maintainable, easy to understand, and easy to debug in case of an error by:
Write code using test driven development to ensure quality and compliance with requirements
Apply SOLID principles and Clean Coding practices
Make sure code is compliant and can pass all of the security recommendations published in the OWASP TOP 10 security risks
Client communication: Be able to communicate with clients to gather further details on requirements and receive feedback on the work being done.
Teamwork: Be able to work as a part of a team and collaborate with other team members by:
Participating in daily standups, retrospective meetings and grooming sessions
Pair programming
Demonstrates a solid understanding of the impact of own work on the team
Git principles
Professionalism: Demonstrates professionalism in their work ethic, interactions with peers, and dealing with clients.
POSITION SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS
Mid/Senior Developer (This would be you!)
.NET Framework
.NET Core
C#
MVC
Web forms
SQL stored procedures
JavaScript
jQuery
Entity framework
Web API
Gitlab
Jira
Octopus (preferred)
Emphasis on defect resolution and data manipulation over new feature development.

CORE VALUES

At Acklen, we are committed to creating a place for people to grow and improve their lives. We really care about growing people. We are not Messing Around.

Committed to Personal Growth
Seek First to Understand
Bring Out the Best in Others
Solutions-Oriented

Mid-Senior Level.
Full-time job (40 hours weekly).
9-month contract. (High chance of renewal)
B2-C1 Advanced English Level.
Availability from 8-5pm in the EST-PST-CST time zone.
Remote Work.
LATAM based only.
CORE VALUES
At Acklen, we are committed to creating a place for people to grow and improve their lives. We really care about growing people. We are not Messing Around.
Committed to Personal Growth
Seek First to Understand
Bring Out the Best in Others
Solutions-Oriented
Apply for this Job
* Required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone *
Resume/CV *
Attach
Dropbox
or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
Cover Letter
Attach
Dropbox
or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
What are your yearly or hourly salary expectations in USD? *
What is your availability to start? *
Please select
Place of Residence *
Do you have fluent English to participate in global meetings and provide information with details? *
-
If selected, do you agree to an Employment Verification and Criminal Records?* *
-
LinkedIn Profile
Website
Source: (Where did you find this Job Posting) *
Please select
Benefits
Work with and from a variety of countries
Level up your career with opportunities to invest in a variety of skills
Be a part of a tight-knit team that sticks together from project to project
Values
Committing to personal growth
Bringing out the best in others
Seeking first to understand
Finding solutions
Tecnavia serves the newspaper industry with innovative solutions for distributing their publications online via Computers and mobile devices like iPads, Androids, and Kindle Fires.
The position requires an organized, talented and high-energy person who can multitask efficiently, create and maintain priorities, demonstrate both verbal and written communication skills and can execute responsibilities with enthusiasm and commitment.
We offer a casual work environment, small teams, and opportunities for self-directed work on cutting-edge technologies.
Qualifications
Minimum bachelor’s degree
Web based applications JavaScript, PHP, HTML5, CSS, AJAX, jQuery
Other preferred skills: MySQL, Java, Linux, Apache, Flex, C/C++/C#, SVN
Work location and schedules
Burnsville MN, USA
Lugano, Switzerland
Milan, Italy
Full-time, 5 day week, 50% remote and 50% in office.
Rotating schedule for occasional weekend work.
Responsibilities
Work on both individual and team development projects
Write scripts and programs for internal use
Find unique solutions to meet both customer and company needs
Maintain good relationship with coworkers
Interact with clients via the telephone and email
Compensation
Competitive salary based on experience and qualifications. Full benefits included (health, dental and retirement).
Send cover letter, resume, and samples of work if possible:
Email: jobs@tecnavia.com
Tecnavia Press Inc
Attention James Kurtz
13965 W Preserve Blvd
Burnsville, MN 55337
Job Status: Full Time
Work Hours: 9:00AM TO 5:00PM
Hours Per Week: 40
Number of Positions: One
Position ID: 202310-092993
Salary: $108,240.00/Year
FEIN #: 04-3395284
Contact: Madhu Rao
E-mail: hr@webject.com
Or mail resumes to: Human Resources
Webject Systems, Inc.
16 Central Square, Suite 2
Bridgewater, MA 02324
Job Duties:
Involve in all SDLC processes to conduct requirements gathering and analysis, development with server/client-side integration, code enhancement testing, bug fixing, and deployment. Design new application or enhance existing application by refactoring. Maintain software application by migrating the frameworks to latest updates as per requirement. Create User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, XHTML, XML, Media Queries, JSON. Develop using various JavaScript frameworks like Angular.js, Node.js, React.js, Responsive web design (RWD) and Reactive programming using Redux, RXJS, NGRX. Apply latest software development approaches including model view controller (MVC), to develop enterprise applications using JAVA/J2EE, Spring, Spring boot.
Required Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Engineering, Information Systems or related field.
Required years of Experience: 12 Months experience in Information Technology.

For other employment opportunities, please contact us via email : hr@webject.com
Gist about our Company:

A leading venture capitalist (VC) in Silicon Valley commented that “Evergent is a diamond in the rough”. Evergent today manages over 560M+ user accounts in over 180+ countries on behalf of our customers. Globally Evergent is working with 5 of the top 10 carriers (AT&T, Etisalat, SingTel, Telkomsel, and AirTel) and 4 of the top 10 media companies (HBO, FOX, SONY and BBC). We are not surprised by the VC comment. We have done this with an amazing global team of 300+professionals. Evergent is recognized as the global leader for Customer Lifecycle Management for launching new revenue streams without disturbing the inflexible legacy systems. The need for digital transformation in this subscription economy and our ability to launch services in weeks is what sets Evergent apart. We welcome you to come and meet with us.

Responsibilities:
Drive new products and features through the development process; Gather and create product requirements and specifications;
Partner with Design Managers to run a scrum team of designers: setting clear goals, managing project loads and allocating designers, accordingly, ensuring deadlines are met and setting up team members for overall success;
Interface and drive collaboration between the UX, Dev and Product Management teams, connect all three groups, and ensure inter-dependencies are understood and planned for effectively;
Identify UX team needs with regards to process, tools, documentation, asset management, etc.
Implement and drive required changes to make sure designers can be most efficient;
Collaborate with design leadership, product, engineering peers and external partners to institute design processes and cross-functional collaboration models and ensure a smooth product development process;
Provide clear communication to cross-functional team leads regarding design deliverable status, resource requirements, issues, and priorities;
Identify risks, prioritize and collaborate with partners to resolve in a timely manner;
Insure the design teams are in collaboration with one another and all working toward a consistent design throughout the Evergent Product;
Ensure project meets deadlines and is completed within budget;
Leads the continued development and implementation of the CI Culture, standardized work, information flow, problem solving, strategy deployment and continuous improvement;
Exercise technical judgment in working with cross-functional teams;
Review and test code to ensure it works properly; Manage and execute on company audits from various sources with internal and external stakeholders;
Provide technical leadership, but not line management of cross functional teams.;
Present status on a weekly / monthly basis to the local and regional leadership teams.
Tools: Siebel CRM 8.1.x, Open UI, Siebel IP 2015, CLICK Scheduling and Routing, Sales Force, Sales CRM.

Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science.
Minimum experience: Position requires five (5) years of post-baccalaureate experience that is progressive in nature.
Minimum Requirement: Five (5) years of experience must include five (5) of experience in Siebel CRM 8.1.x, Open UI, Siebel IP 2015, CLICK Scheduling and Routing, Sales Force, Sales CRM.
Employer will conduct drug testing/screening, background check, reference check, motor vehicle check, Education, SSN and criminal check.
Job Site: El Segundo, CA. Please send resumes referencing the aforementioned job title and reference number to Evergent Technologies, Inc., 1250 Borregas Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 or email to shruti.padia@evergent.com
Infrapod Technologies is fastly emerging company based in San Jose, California with developers and customers all over the world. Our staff are working to create a next generation software that is dedicated in delivering cost effective and reliable billing solutions.
At Infrapod Technologies you will enjoy a competitive salary, excellent medical insurance and a 401k plan and much more.

JOB TITLE: Software Engineer
JOB DUTIES
Develop backend services using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) concept which consists of development using REST API services.
Develop GUI using React JS component for Walmart.com payments interface which will trigger the backend services.
Create new database schema, triggers and stored procedures for Oracle & MongoDB or elastic search database.

JOB REQUIREMENTS : Required Bachelors or foreign equivalent in CS, CA, CIS, IT, MIS, Engineering (Any), or any related field.
LOCATION OF WORK: San Jose,CA
Please email or mail resumes to HR, Infrapod Technologies Inc.email to info@infrapodtec.com
Moz is looking for a strong mid or senior level Node.js Software Developer to join the User Services team, responsible for building applications to support all invoicing, charging, and subscription-management for Moz products.
The User Services team at Moz is responsible for ensuring we have the services we need to keep business running. This includes User Authentication and Logins as well as Subscriptions management and Billing. The team is part of the larger engineering group at Moz which supports the development of Moz’s core SaaS products. Engineering collaborates across roles and disciplines to deliver tools for digital marketers in all industries and aspects of Search.
What you’ll do:
Lead the team through our agile framework to scope projects and deliver software against the subscription and payments problem-space using using the following technologies:
Node.js
SQL
Work collaboratively with the engineers on the User-Services team to ensure quality and performance of the systems through code reviews, documentation, analysis and enforce engineering best practices to ensure high-quality software
Contribute to our devops culture by maintaining our systems, including creating documentation, runbooks, monitoring and alerting, integration tests, etc.
Maintain SLAs for our applications, add logging, metrics and alerts to ensure errors are proactively identified and corrected.
Lead and mentor people through architecture design and development for new features and capabilities, and for migration of legacy systems, to meet business and customer needs.
Take turns in the on-call rotation, handling systems and operations issues as they arise including responding to off-hours alerts
Build internal administrative tools for customer support, account management, and other business users
Share information and help unblock team members using your expertise and experience to enable them to learn and contribute effectively.
Collaborate with other teams on dependent work and integrations as well as be vigilant for activities happening outside the team that would have an impact on the work that User Services does.
Required Experience:

At least 5 years of experience as a software engineer delivering products or services using web technologies
Experience working with SQL, Node.js, Javascript, micro-service architecture
Experience working with relational databases
Experience working with API design and distributed backend systems
Experience working remotely with a distributed team
Great problem solving skills
Preferred Experience:

Led a team of engineers on a project and seen it to successful completion
Experience mentoring junior team members
Been involved in a cross-team effort for improving adherence to standards eg. Observability
Worked on a payments processing system
Experience working with AWS
Experience working with Stripe API
About the Moz Group

The Moz Group, a subsidiary of Ziff Davis, Inc (NASDAQ: ZD), is a leading provider of marketing technology solutions primarily for small and medium-sized enterprises that empowers businesses to engage their customers digitally and grow their revenue by leveraging the power of online search, email, voice, and text communications.

About Ziff Davis

At Ziff Davis, we work in a culture of collaboration and welcome those who desire to join our growing global community. We seek enthusiastic individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit looking for and environment that rewards your best work.

Ziff Davis offers competitive salaries, health benefits, and company-sponsored events. If you are seeking a dynamic work environment where you can see the direct impact of your performance, then Ziff Davis is the place for you. We offer a fun and friendly working environment where individuals are given the opportunity to learn, grown and build on their skills.

#Moz
LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER
At WelbeHealth, it’s our mission to serve our communities’ most vulnerable seniors through shared intention, pioneering spirit, and courage to love. These core values and our participant focus lead the way no matter what.
Under the supervision and general direction of Technology Leadership, this role will be responsible for working with business stakeholders, solution architects, data architects, and the Information Technology and Services (IT&S) Department to identify and define business needs that require developed technology solutions to achieve business outcomes. Working within WelbeHealth architecture standards and design patterns, the Lead Software Engineer is responsible for the development, quality assurance, implementation, and maintenance of solutions components that fulfill prioritized business use cases. This role leverages the agile life cycle for solutions deployment in all projects as well as objectively assessing quality and logistics production readiness. The Lead Software Engineer regularly and directly collaborates with the solutions architecture, security service, application management, infrastructure management, and customer service teams. Collaborates effectively with colleagues and stakeholders to promote WelbeHealth values, team culture, and mission.
Benefits of Working at WelbeHealth Apply your clinical expertise in new ways as we rapidly expand. You will have the opportunity to design the way we work in the context of an encouraging and loving environment where every person feels uniquely cared for.
BENEFITS: Health Coverage on Day 1, Paid Parental Leave, 401K Match.
PERKS: 17 days of paid time off in year one, 12 company holidays & 5 sick days
GROWTH: Career path advancement and leadership opportunities
Essential Job Duties
Adhere to WelbeHealth Agile DevOps processes, tools, and environments for requirements capture, architecture and design, construction, quality assurance, code, and documentation version control, production deployment, troubleshooting, and change management.
Ensures the features provide the security and data integrity required to meet overall department goals toward PCI and HIPAA compliance.
Along with product owners and usability designers, participates in requirements discovery and usability sessions with end users.
Ensures unit testing, functional testing, and automated testing coverage of features prior to launch.
Performs peer coding and design reviews with peer developers.
Develops design patterns and standards.
Re-write and re-engineer custom legacy applications using latest technology stack as directed by architects and technology leaders.
Adept at leveraging new approaches to solutions for system design and functionality.
Creates documentation about both the current state of software as well as historical accounts of the process.
Participates in refactoring or new technology efforts including research and communication of new design patterns for adoption by the team.
Ongoing support, maintenance, and enhancements of solutions including monitoring, performance optimization, and troubleshooting per production DevSecOps procedures.
Perform independent verification and validation of solution components constructed by peers through test case development and test plan execution to ensure production readiness.
Perform deployment logistics and documentation per WelbeHealth DevSecOps procedures.
Work closely with technology and business partners throughout solution development and delivery ensuring proper marketing, testing, implementation, and documentation.
Implement solutions following WelbeHealth best practices such as writing clean, maintainable, and reusable code with good design patterns and good documentation.
Responsible for ensuring all developed solution architecture is consistent with WelbeHealth architecture and applicable regulations, rules, policies, security protocols, and procedures relevant to WelbeHealth operations as defined by the Regulatory and Compliance, Quality Improvement, and Security teams.
Complete all required documentation in a timely and accurate manner.
Protect privacy and maintain the confidentiality of all company procedures and information about team members, participants, and families.
Follow WelbeHealth policies and procedures and participate in any required Quality Improvement activities, staff training, and meetings.
Job Requirements:
Minimum of 10 years of experience in object-oriented software development and maintenance using any programming language like C#, .Net Core, Razor Pages.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with React.js UI.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with structured database technologies like Azure SQL Server, etc.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with REST APIs.
Minimum 2 years’ experience with NoSQL database namely Azure Cosmos DB.
Minimum 2 years’ experience with Azure Cloud.
Minimum 2 years’ of experience in DevSecOps
Understanding of how to implement solutions with multiple data sources.
Experience with Azure API Apps, Azure Logic apps, Azure Functions, and REST services.
Experience writing manual/automated test cases using NUnit.
Understanding of Azure Data Factory is a plus.
Understanding of Release Management principles with experience working in a strongly structured environment of managing release levels and deployments will be highly valuable.
Experience in managing applications on Azure.
Experience in building CI/CD pipelines for large scale application on Azure
Good Understanding about Autoscaling on Azure
Good experience in CI-CD pipeline & tools like Maven, Jenkins etc.
Intimate knowledge of the HITRUST CSF, including experience advising and assessing against all CSF domains for HITRUST readiness and validated assessments.
Experience and knowledge of healthcare operations and business processes.
Working experience in the healthcare industry, including working with the HIPAA Security and Privacy Rules and HITRUST Common Security Framework (CSF). 20230518 Lead Software Engineer.
Salary/Wage base range for this role starts at $130,000.00 -$160,000 Bonus + Equity. WelbeHealth offers competitive total rewards package that includes, 401k match, healthcare coverage and a broad range of other benefits. Actual pay will be adjusted based on experience and other qualifications.
COVID-19 Vaccination Policy
At WelbeHealth, our mission is to unlock the full potential of our vulnerable seniors. In this spirit, please note that we have a vaccination policy for all our employees and proof of vaccination, or a vaccine declination form will be required prior to employment. WelbeHealth maintains required infection control and PPE standards and has requirements relevant to all team members regarding vaccinations.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
At WelbeHealth, we embrace and cherish the diversity of our team members, and we're committed to building a culture of inclusion and belonging. We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer. People seeking employment at WelbeHealth are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member), pregnancy or other status protected by applicable law.
Beware of Scams
Please ensure your application is being submitted through a WelbeHealth sponsored site only. Our emails will come from @welbehealth.com email addresses. You will never be asked to purchase your own employment equipment. You can report suspected scam activity to fraud.report@welbehealth.com
Clango, Inc., is seeking an entry level Software Developer. The Software Developer will work with a team of developers on a variety of software development projects that meet the needs of clients across a wide array of sectors including not-for-profit, US federal government, US Military and private corporations.
The position will be based out of a Clango office in VA, MN, or PA, with the need to work with a distributed team.
Primary Responsibilities
The candidate will support the development and maintenance of a variety of middleware products which solve specific client needs. The candidate will be able to come up to speed on new technologies quickly, design software and services that consume third party APIs and services, and create and design APIs and services that will be consumed by other applications and services. The candidate will be able to take technical specifications provided by the client and design software that works to complete their ecosystem.
Secondary Responsibilities
Update job knowledge by researching new technologies and software products. Present various new technologies for adoption by the development team. Support system users by developing documentation and assistance tools and serving as Tier 2/3 support.
Required Skills
Must possess a complete understanding of programming concepts / structures (Complex Conditional logic, Function calls, Recursion, Components, Arrays, Custom Data Structures, ect) and their implementation in one or more of the following languages Java, C#, Python, PHP, and Ruby
Must possess an ability to understand complex data models and database structures
Must possess a basic understanding of Networking and Server technology
Must possess excellent teamwork skills
Must possess excellent oral and written communication skills
Must possess the ability and desire to learn and master multiple programming languages and platforms
Desired Skills
Knowledge in Web Services (RESTful;/SOAP) XML,XPATH,XSLT, Web2.0
Hands on experience in J2EE , Spring frameworks, and Microservices
understanding of the RDBMS (Oracle/MySQL)
understanding of the Container Gateways(Kubernetes/OpenShift/Docker)
Knowledge on network and security
Knowledge on AWS Cloud
Knowledge of Scripting languages like Power Shell Script
Education/ Level of Experience
A BS Degree, preferably in Mathematics, Computer Science, MIS, or Engineering
Training or additional technical certifications are a plus
Clango is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Interested? Send us an email at [email protected] with your resume!
At Assure, we are always looking for talented people who are equally passionate about data technology and science as they are about strategy and customer relations. We don’t merely crunch numbers and deliver reports. We provide meaningful solutions that exactly match our clients’ needs. We know how to attract top talent with compensation on par with the best in the industry and performance oriented incentives. We invite you to review our open positions. If you consider your skills a match and want to make a tangible impact in a rapidly expanding company, we welcome your application. Please email your resume to career@assureeservices.com

Software Developer - Application

Design and develop application software to automate the reporting processes for different industries using the latest front-end, middleware technologies integrating with different backend systems. Build Dashboards and Analytical solutions retrieving and transforming data from structured and unstructured sources, and feed data to business applications such as K-12 Analytics, Payment Systems, Supply Chain, and Performance measurement. Discuss with business users for gathering requirements for the CRM Portal application to maintain the customer preferences and activities, Visualizations and analytics.

Managing report and application server recycles backup and restores the volumes. Using sophisticated and widely used reporting tools and platforms including Qlik Sense, Tableau, RapidMiner, Alteryx, Hyland OnBase, Microsoft SQL Server Database, Reporting Services, Integration Services, Analytical Services, Oracle BI, Open Source Business Intelligence Reporting Tools, etc., to build dashboards, reports, and analytics and integrate them with J2EE and .NET based business applications.

Monitoring the report and application servers load and stress using the specific tools written for monitoring by respective products. Migrate and upgrade applications, the report serves, and databases between platforms and to the latest version.

Build interfaces with the backend systems among Oracle, SQL Server, Cassandra, and Athena. Build extensions that can provide additional features to the Qlik Sense and RapidMiner. Integrating dashboards with products including SalesForce.com, PowerSchool, Ren Web, Aspen, and custom applications using SOAP and Web Services APIs. Will also be using C#, .NET, T-SQL, PL/SQL, XML, XSLT, JSON, CSS, JavaScript, SDLC, MS Visio, Trello, and MS Project.

Assure eServices is an equal opportunity employer. We offer a full range of comprehensive benefits for salaried employees including medical, group life, 401k, Sick days, and paid vacation days.

If interested in applying for this position, please email your resume to career@assureeservices.com
Web developers are responsible for day-to-day site design and creation. Webmasters are responsible for the technical aspects of the web site, including performance issues such as speed of access, and for approving site content. They administer the network infrastructure, including servers such as web, file transfer protocol (FTP), news and mail. Web Administrators meet with web developers to create and operate web sites, or to manage projects, such as e-marketing campaigns. They install or configure web servers to ensure that directory structure is well defined, logical, secure, and that files are named properly.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Evaluate user needs to determine technical requirements.
Back up files from web sites to local directories for instant recovery in case of problems.
Work together with management or users to develop e-commerce strategies and to integrate these strategies with web sites.
Converse with network personnel or web site hosting agencies to address hardware or software issues affecting web sites.
Converse with management or development teams to prioritize needs, resolve conflicts, develop content criteria, or choose solutions.
Produce searchable indices for web page content.
Produce web models or prototypes that include physical, interface, logical, or data models.
Plan and apply web site security measures such as firewalls or message encryption.
Plan, create, or maintain web sites, using authoring or scripting languages, content creation tools, management tools, and digital media.
Create and record style guidelines for web site content.
Create databases that support web applications and web sites.
Create or execute procedures for ongoing web site revision.
Create or authenticate test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic external interfaces and address all browser and device types.
Create system interaction or sequence diagrams.
Create web site maps, application models, image templates, or page templates that meet project goals, user needs, or industry standards.
Record technical factors such as server load, bandwidth, database performance, and browser and device types.
Record test plans, testing procedures, or test results.
Create appropriate server directory trees.
Assess code to ensure that it is valid, is properly structured, meets industry standards and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems.
Assess or recommend server hardware or software.
Pinpoint or sustain links to and from other web sites and check links to ensure proper functioning.
Pinpoint problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer problems to appropriate personnel for correction.
Combine technical considerations into web site design plans, such as budgets, equipment, performance requirements, or legal issues including accessibility and privacy.
Connect and construct hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP) servers and associated operating systems.
Scrutinize security system performance logs to identify problems and notify security specialists when problems occur.
Execute or oversee web site updates.
Complete web site tests according to planned schedules, or after any web site or product revisions.
Offer clear, detailed descriptions of web site specifications such as product features, activities, software, communication protocols, programming languages, and operating systems software and hardware.
Endorse and apply performance improvements.
Enroll web sites with search engines to increase web site traffic.
Renew domain name registrations.
Study, document, rate, or select alternatives for web architecture or technologies.
Act on user email inquiries, or set up automated systems to send responses.
Decide on programming languages, design tools, or applications.
Author supporting code for web applications or web sites.
Author, design, or edit web page content, or direct others producing content.
QVine Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer—M/F/D/V

Responsibilities:
One of the nation’s largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services, Universal Health Services, Inc. has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Growing steadily since its inception into an esteemed Fortune 500 corporation, annual revenues were $11.6 billion in 2020. In 2021, UHS was again recognized as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune; in 2020, ranked #281 on the Fortune 500; and listed #330 in Forbes ranking of U.S.’ Largest Public Companies. Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS has 89,000 employees and through its subsidiaries operates 26 acute care hospitals, 334 behavioral health facilities, 39 outpatient facilities and ambulatory care access points, an insurance offering, a physician network and various related services located in 38 U.S. states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and the United Kingdom.

The Corporate Information Services Department is seeking a dynamic and talented Software Engineer II.

The Software Engineer II provides design, development and maintenance of UHS custom clinical applications. Supports and enhances existing Cerner and UHS clinical applications, including upgrade implementations and testing efforts. Takes part in all aspects of solution development including requirements gathering, feature design, implementation and deployment. Must be capable of working independently on large projects. Coordinates and performs work assignments in order to meet deadlines and ensures continued progress toward assignment completion. Uses development tools including Cerner’s Discern Visual Developer (CCL) and an integrated development environment (Komodo, Notepad++, etc).

Monitors the resolution of maintenance or enhancement issues assigned by the UHS Customer Support Center. Provides technical support to UHS entities as needed. Interfaces with the user community regarding application design and support. Shares experience and expertise by collaborating with other members of the team.

Key Responsibilities include:
System Development & Implementation
Meet regularly with users, IS staff and senior members of the team to develop/modify system specifications, including upkeep of documentation.
Design, develop and implement custom clinical system enhancements to meet user needs in accordance with UHS Project Development standards and specific project requirements.
Adhere to structured programming, analysis, and design techniques.
Follow software development and version control policies and procedures, including the use of a source code management system.
Document, test and validate application functionality.
Support the implementation of applications/application upgrades and prepare the appropriate documentation.
Identify potential system problems and propose ways to avert them.
Assist in recommending application solutions to meet business needs.
Create and maintain effective program documentation.

System Maintenance & Support
Research and resolve Customer Support Center Tickets
Provide support for major application upgrades.
Establish and maintain regular communications with user community.
Provides technical support and guidance to other team members as required.
Adhere to UHS Service Level and Change Management Policies.
Provide on-call support as scheduled.

Administration
Maintain Service Excellence principles.
Prepare and submit status reports to supervisor as required.
Prepare and promptly submit all routine and special reports.
Keep management well informed of activities, needs, problems.
Qualifications:
Position Requirements:
A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Information Systems (CS/IS) required.
A CSIS related Master’s degree or equivalent real-world development experience is preferred.
Three or more years of increasingly more responsible programming, web or application development experience is required. Experience with web development, such as HTML, JavaScript and CSS is required, while experience with databases and/or high-level programming languages such as SQL or CCL is a plus.
Ability to multi-task while effectively managing time and meeting deadlines and a proficiency in English, with excellent written and oral fluency is required.
Basic knowledge of development standards, application validation, system application implementation, enhancement and support methods and practices.
Practical knowledge of/hands on experience with:
Troubleshooting and issue resolution.
Application development, implementation, enhancement and support methods and practices.
Computer systems analysis and programming techniques and procedures, such as
Consulting with users to determine functional specifications.
Design, development, documentation, analysis, testing, debugging, and modification of programs.
Familiarity with health care and clinical terminology, comprehension of or experience with project management methods, and the concepts of Agile development is a plus.

Travel Requirements: 0 – 5% domestic US travel (depending on projects).

This opportunity provides the following:
Challenging and rewarding work environment
Growth and development opportunities within UHS and its subsidiaries
Competitive Compensation
Excellent Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug Plan
401k plan with company match
Generous Paid Time Off

UHS is a registered trademark of UHS of Delaware, Inc., the management company for Universal Health Services, Inc. and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Universal Health Services, Inc. Universal Health Services, Inc. is a holding company and operates through its subsidiaries including its management company, UHS of Delaware, Inc. All healthcare and management operations are conducted by subsidiaries of Universal Health Services, Inc. To the extent any reference to "UHS or UHS facilities" on this website including any statements, articles or other publications contained herein relates to our healthcare or management operations it is referring to Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Further, the terms "we," "us," "our" or "the company" in such context similarly refer to the operations of Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Any employment referenced in this website is not with Universal Health Services, Inc. but solely with one of its subsidiaries including but not limited to UHS of Delaware, Inc.

UHS is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at UHS via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of UHS. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by UHS as a result of the referral or through other means.

EEO Statement
All UHS subsidiaries are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates. UHS subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers and as such, openly support and fully commit to recruitment, selection, placement, promotion and compensation of individuals without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), genetic information, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
We believe that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success.
Notice
At UHS and all our subsidiaries, our Human Resources departments and recruiters are here to help prospective candidates by matching skillset and experience with the best possible career path at UHS and our subsidiaries. We take pride in creating a highly efficient and best in class candidate experience. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Hotmail, Gmail, Yahoo Mail, etc. If you are suspicious of a job posting or job-related email mentioning UHS or its subsidiaries, let us know by contacting us at: https://uhs.alertline.com or 1-800-852-3449.
Vickers and Nolan Enterprises (VNE) is an engineering company that provides Government projects and programs with experienced and dedicated system architects, engineers, subject matter experts (in tactical intelligence), and program managers. VNE also develops training courses and tools to prepare warfighters to effectively employ tactical intelligence systems and provide management guidance to the Government organizations that develop these systems.
VNE has earned a reputation for exceptional performance, innovation, agility, and responsiveness in the Intelligence Community (IC). We attack our mission with a comprehensive understanding of the data available and required; skilled research, design, development, integration, and testing of systems and software solutions; expertise in cybersecurity/information assurance and technology; programmatic, acquisition, and logistics support know-how; and our own unique training curricula that enables students to excel at intelligence operations across all levels of the community.
VNE is devoted to improving tactical operations at home and abroad by enabling the seamless transition of data across the intelligence community and developing/integrating solutions to unify operations and intelligence.
VNE is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) founded in 2004 in Stafford, VA.
Qualifications
VNE, LLC is looking for four Cleared Software Engineers
Minimum Qualifications:
Education:
B.S. in Mathematics, Science, Engineering, or a related field highly desired
Experience:
Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience
The qualified candidate should possess the following:
Experience developing software in at least one of the following: Python, Java, C++, JavaScript
Experience interacting with data via REST Web APIs (XML or Json)
Experience working with relational databases such as SQL Server, PostgreSQL, or MySQL databases
Experience in data analytics, data engineering, data modeling, data warehousing, or big data platforms is preferred
Proficient understanding of Computer Science fundamentals in design patterns, data structures, and algorithms
Ability to analyze problems and propose solutions
Experience with version control systems like Git, SVN, etc.
Passion for actively contributing to an Agile development team, offering insight on design, architecture, and implementation of mission critical software systems
Ability to operate effectively in a team-oriented and collaborative environment
Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with all levels of end users and technical resources.
Secret level Clearance required; TS/SCI level Clearance desired.
Additional Quals Desired:
Experience with authorization security protocols such as DoD PKI, SSL, or OAuth 2.0
Design and building data flows in Apache NiFi (including data movement, tagging, routing, and some transformation/conversion)
Recurring operations and maintenance activities (monitor health of exiting NiFi flows and troubleshoot NiFi operations and interfaces)
Assisting multiple development teams with creating new dataflows, running exiting flows to improve performance, integrating with external web services and APIs, and developing supportable systems through automation and notifications
Project based development, implementation, and documentation of NiFi systems and capabilities (Security enhancements, Resource Monitoring and Notification, Dev/Ops Automation, Clustering, etc.)
Managing and monitoring Windows or Linux server resources in a VMWare environment
Experience in a range of common big data tools & technologies such as Elasticsearch, Airflow, Hive, NiFi, Kinesis, Snowflake, Kafka, Spark, etc.
Experience with the ArcGIS product suite
Experience with big data and associated technologies
Job Description:
The DCGS-MC Development team is responsible for the implementation, support, and maintenance of multiple enterprise intelligence software solutions for the United States Marine Corps.
Primary responsibilities of software developers include building data ingestion and management pipelines for a large-scale enterprise. Candidates will also be given opportunities to research and develop innovative solutions for Marine Corps Intelligence applications.
Essential Duties of the Job:
Ability to communicate task requirement information to client in a clear and concise manner.
Must be able to sit and stand for prolonged periods of time, as well as lead and participate in meetings and working groups.
Requires visual acuity to use a keyboard.
Must be able to attend work each day, during scheduled hours, unless on travel or approved time off.
Ability to work on computer for long periods, and communicate with individuals by telephone, email and face-to-face
Physical Demands and Work Environment:
While performing duties of job, employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear.
Employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
May be exposed to chemicals related to office equipment.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate (i.e. general office environment).
Benefits:
401 (K) w/ up to 3.5% Company Match
Health, Dental & Vision Insurance
Basic & Supplemental Life Insurance
Short & Long Term Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
11 Paid Holidays
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Gym Membership (varies by location)
Corporate-Sponsored Events
We’re seeking an OOP PHP developer to join our 100% remote (work from home) team. Experience with RDBMS/PostgreSQL and a background working with open-source frameworks is required.
Network Ninja is a fully remote software firm that develops three products leading their respective industries. We’re a small company (just over 50 employees), but we work on big, impactful projects. Come work with us!
Please read the entire description: it will help explain how we expect candidates to apply. We promise to spend time personally reviewing your application.
Job Overview
There’s room for junior, intermediate, and senior developers on our senior-heavy teams, so if you believe you could be a good fit, but don’t meet the requirements to the letter, please explain in your cover letter.
We’re looking for a PHP developer that will:
Develop clean and efficient OOP code
Write new, and improve existing, functionality within our products
Contribute & share developer responsibilities with a team
Learn underlying PHP architecture of our software, with guidance of senior developers
Use software development best practices, standards, and procedures
Assist with testing and QA of new code before software releases
Take direction and learn about our business from management
Some specific backgrounds that we believe increase likelihood of success in this position:
Experience working on sophisticated software implementations
Minimum 4 years dev experience, 2 years of PHP Object-Oriented Programming experience.
Diverse knowledge of RDBMS (PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc.)
Experience developing code through multiple lifecycle environments (Development, Staging, Production sites)
Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Experience with a version control system (preferably Git)
Experience with AWS (ec2, rds, s3, “and more”)
Previous experience working within a development team
Strong organizational skills
All that sound good, and are you a motivated software developer and U.S. citizen? If so, send an email to nni@networkninja.com with the following 3 items:
A brief Personal Statement / Cover Letter
Your Resume
Some Code Samples or a repo that shows your knowledge of SQL and OOP dev (ideally PHP)
At Network Ninja we value the diversity in backgrounds and experiences that our employees bring to us. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and we welcome applications from all qualified candidates.
R10027373 Senior Developer - Software (Open)
Location:
Lawrenceville, GA - Sever Rd - Cust. installations
How will you CONTRIBUTE and GROW?
This person will be responsible for developing new web and mobile applications, as well as maintaining those that already exist. Responsibilities include defining customer and user requirements, systems analysis, design, build, test and implementation of mission critical systems.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Develops, maintains and supports web & mobile applications.
Develops test cases, conducts testing and documents test results.
Assists with technical design and functional specifications for business applications, identifies user needs, analyzes options and alternatives, and evaluates functionality and integrity of applications.
Assists in the day-to-day maintenance of internal websites. This involves a range of responsibilities such as updating document content, software development and conducting systems administration.
Creates and maintains web pages on both Intranet and Internet sites.
Utilizes various methods and processes to determine requirements and design formal solutions in response to those requirements.
Prepares or assists in the preparation of project plans and resource projections for activities performed within the framework of a given project. This includes defining project scope as well as preparing work plans for the project.
Prepares status reports and attends meetings.
Recommends modifications to applications as appropriate.
Makes presentations or conducts training on new or changed systems.
Researches and tracks technical trends and products in software development.
Other duties may be assigned.
________________________
Are you a MATCH?
Required Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer/Information Science, a numerate discipline.
Required Length & Type of Experience:
4+ years web development experience using ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC (C#).
2+ years Angular development experience
1+ years React Native development experience
Must have strong SQL programming skills including stored procedure development.
Must have a thorough understanding of:
Web development from basic HTML through advanced technologies.
Relational Database Design.
Use of Structured Methodology.
Software development lifecycle.
Programming, including database integration.
Browsers and browser level compatibility issues.
Principles of good web page design.
Design constraints of the web (browser differences, palette issues and file sizes).
Various web technologies in current use.
Source code control – “version control”.
Object Oriented development
Unit Tests, Dependency Injection
Web server technology, security and web statistics software.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Ability to work independently and under pressure to meet deadlines.
Must possess good problem solving skills.
Must be able to interact well with all levels of management.
Must be able to work well as a member of a team.
Excellent communication skills.
Must be able to translate business requirements and design concepts into intuitive web designs and applications.
Ability to explain and discuss complex analysis and programming issues in a manner that can be understood by non-technical persons.
Ability to analyze and define complex program structures.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS: the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
_________________________
Your differences enhance our performance
At Airgas, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace that embraces the diversity of our employees, our customers, patients, community stakeholders and cultures across the world.
We welcome and consider applications from all qualified applicants, regardless of their race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, disability or any other protected characteristic. We strongly believe a diverse organization opens up opportunities for people to express their talent, both individually and collectively and it helps foster our ability to innovate by living our fundamentals, acting for our success and creating an engaging environment in a changing world.
_________________________
Equal Employment Opportunity Information

We are an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic.
Please click
here
to view the EEO Know Your Rights poster and
here
to view the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination poster. Airgas, an Air Liquide Company invites any applicant and/or employee to review the Company’s written Affirmative Action Plan or Policy Statement. This plan or policy statement is available for inspection upon request by contacting Human Resources at 844-myHR4AG (844-694-7424).
Airgas, an Air Liquide Company and its group of companies does not discriminate against qualified applicants with disabilities and is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to the known disabilities of such individuals so as to ensure equal access to benefits and privileges of employment. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact us by phone at 844-myHR4AG (844-694-7424) or by email to
us-accommodationrequest@airgas.com
.
Eminent Software Services LLC in East Windsor, CT is seeking Software Developers I to assist senior developers and work under the direction of Project Managers on various custom software development projects.
Job responsibilities and duties include:
Under direction of senior developers and project managers, assist in designing and developing integration applications from end to end.
Assist test teams to troubleshoot, identify and correct defects in applications.
Under direction of senior developers and project managers, assist with writing custom SQL programs and queries to run customized reports and analyze corresponding data.
Utilize Java/J2EE or .NET technologies to create custom applications.
Participate in all phases of Software Development life cycle and work on continuous integrations.
May perform other duties normally associated with the occupation.


This position does not supervise any other personnel.
REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or any STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics) field of study, plus at least two (2) years of experience in the job offered or in any related position(s). Employer will accept a three- or four-year degree and will accept a foreign degree.
Qualified applicants must also have demonstrable knowledge, experience, skill and proficiency (gained through education or employment) with the following:
1. ETL
2. OLAP or OLTP
3. Oracle
4. Soap UI
5. XML
6. SOA
7. Java/J2EE or .NET
8. SQL


No travel; no telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated client sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.


Additional Information:
Job Site: 14A Pasco Drive, East Windsor, CT, 06088
No travel; no telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated client sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.
Mail Resumes To: Eminent Software Services LLC, Attn: HR, 14A Pasco Drive, East Windsor, CT, 06088
No calls or emails. EOE.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.
ByteDance
Founded in 2012, ByteDance's mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. With a suite of more than a dozen products, including TikTok, Helo, and Resso, as well as platforms specific to the China market, including Toutiao, Douyin, and Xigua, ByteDance has made it easier and more fun for people to connect with, consume, and create content.

Lark
Lark is a next-generation team productivity suite that boosts organizations' efficiency, creativity, and engagement. It seamlessly integrates Messenger, Docs, Calendar, Video calls, Emails, OKR, and more into one easy-to-use app.

Why Join Us
Creation is the core of ByteDance's purpose. Our products are built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make our innovations possible.
Together, we inspire creativity and enrich life - a mission we aim towards achieving every day.
To us, every challenge, no matter how ambiguous, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always.
At ByteDance, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves, our company, and the users we serve.
Join us.

About the Team
Lark Platform Engineering team is devoted to supporting the commercial success of Lark products on a global scale. Currently, our team scopes include but not limit to Lark user growth and facilitating integration with third-party services. With the furtherance of Lark's globalization strategy, we aim to delve into broader areas than our current scope and make an even greater impact.

Responsibilities
Provide web development expertise developing new features by working closely with design, product and other cross functional teams.
Contribute to overall system design and code quality improvement
Improve product quality through bug fixes, performance analysis, and tuning
Collaborate with product and engineering teams in Asia
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or above
Experience in building web frontend applications, at least 1 year of Web software developer experience
Experience with cross-platform app development or large-scale backend development
Experience with 2 or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: C/C++, Kotlin, JavaScript/Typescript, Rust, Go, Dart, Object C or Swift.
Preferred qualifications
Experience building React based web apps
Strong curiosity to learn new things and willing to explore outside of the comfort zone
A strong developer and a great problem solver who thrives in a fast-paced environment
Passion for building a large-scale product with incredible performance, stability, and elegant user experience
Working proficiency and communication skills in both English and Mandarin (as sometimes you will need to and translate Chinese process documents and deliver global projects accordingly)
ByteDance is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At ByteDance, our mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

ByteDance Inc. is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at lark.accommodations@bytedance.com
Location: KENDALL PARK, NJ

Shivam Infotech seeks Software Developer: Work Location: Kendall Park, New Jersey Job Duties: Participate in all aspects of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirements analysis, software specifications and high/low level design, testing, and deployment. Design, develop, and maintain required documentation for SDLC including business requirement and process documents, static and dynamic forms, class and sequence diagrams, and workflow documentation. Utilize technical skills in Java, J2EE, SQL, JDBC or C#, .NET and Angular. Identify modular and efficient coding approaches for complex business logic modules. Reengineer current systems to allow stability and scalability. Write Unit Tests to develop code and verify functionality. Develop program interfaces and integrate with applications. Migrate data and code to/from various databases. Create and maintain application development plans and test plans. Write stored procedures, triggers, views and functions. Analyze technical requirements and performing system validation. Conduct analysis of client operations, including coding, limitations and solutions, application development, quality testing and implementation. May travel and relocate to various unanticipated sites throughout the United States. Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems or related and 2 years of experience.

Email resumes to hr@shivamusa.com. No calls please. EOE
Houston, Texas
Tech Hiring
3041338
Job Description
About Wipro:
Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading technology services and consulting company focused on building innovative solutions that address clients’ most complex digital transformation needs. We leverage our holistic portfolio of capabilities in consulting, design, engineering, operations, and emerging technologies to help clients realize their boldest ambitions and build future-ready, sustainable businesses. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 250,000 dedicated employees serving clients across 66 countries. We deliver on the promise of helping our customers, colleagues, and communities thrive in an ever-changing world.
A PROUD HISTORY OF OVER 75 YEARS
FY22 REVENUE 10.4 BN USD
WE’RE PRESENT IN 66 COUNTRIES
OVER 1,400 ACTIVE GLOBAL CLIENTS

Position: Full-Stack Web Developer
Location: Houston, TX (Onsite only)

Job description :
We are seeking a Full-Stack Web Developer with 3-5 years of hands-on experience in developing and maintaining robust web applications. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of user interface design and experience in backend development using .NET technologies.
Key Responsibilities:
Design, develop, and maintain user interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks.
Implement responsive web design principles to ensure that our web applications render well across multiple devices.
Work with .NET technologies (MVC & .NET Core) to develop and maintain server-side logic and functionality.
Integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic and functionality using standard .NET frameworks.
Build reusable code and libraries for future use.
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs by collaborating with the design team.
Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability.
Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to the back-end services.
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders in the development process.
Follow emerging technologies and industry trends and apply them into operations and activities.
Maintain and enhance existing web applications and all integrated systems.
Technical Qualifications:
Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3.
Strong understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS.
Client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks experience, including jQuery.
Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, or DurandalJS.
Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
Familiarity with front-end build tools, such as Grunt and Gulp.js.
Proficient knowledge of .NET, including but not limited to ASP.NET MVC, .NET Core, Web API, Entity Framework.
Familiarity with database technology such as SQL Server, Oracle, and NoSQL databases like HBase, MongoDB or CouchDB.
Understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git, Mercurial or SVN.
Experience with cloud service providers, such as AWS or Azure, is a plus.
Knowledge of RESTful API design and development.
Experience with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.
Certifications:
Certifications in .NET, front-end technologies, or other relevant areas are a plus.
Soft Skills:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Ability to manage a project independently.
A keen eye for detail and a commitment to excellence.
Willingness to learn new technologies and to adapt to changing project requirements.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expres.

#LI-AK7
Windows Platform Engineering

If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements, or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please email us at helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com. Do not email your resume to this ID as it is not monitored for resumes and career applications.
Any complaints or concerns regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our Ombuds Group at ombuds.person@wipro.com

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Wipro is committed to creating an accessible, supportive, and inclusive workplace. Reasonable accommodation will be provided to all applicants including persons with disabilities, throughout the recruitment and selection process. Accommodations must be communicated in advance of the application, where possible, and will be reviewed on an individual basis. Wipro provides equal opportunities to all and values diversity.
We are looking for the next web developer who will be the champion of their own destiny. This person knows HTML5, the latest CSS techniques, PHP, various JS libraries, WordPress, Bootstrap, email marketing, hosting, and domains. This person can prioritize themselves, and take on challenges.
Required Skills:
HTML5 CSS MySQL FTP
Content Management System framework experience using WordPress
Design software, such as Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator) Bonus Skills
Email Resume & Cover Letter to: Herb Gillen

SUMMARY:
The Sr Software Developer performs basic problem resolution analysis and corrections, develops new software based on approved design documents, and corrects system problems.
You must be eligible to work in the US without a Visa Sponsorship

JOB DUTIES
Develops software applications based on approved design.
Performs basic problem resolution analysis and corrections.
Corrects system problems as directed by manager.
Ensures projects are delivered on time and according to specifications.
Uses standard coding techniques to ensure application performance meets requirements.
Works as part of a team for most projects.
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE
Typically requires a bachelor's degree and at least seven (7) years of experience or an equivalent combination.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES

Strong knowledge of database design, programming languages and coding techniques.
Typically requires experience with structured application development and change control
methodologies.
Typically requires experience with object oriented analysis and design.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
This position may require working the evening shift (5pm to 2am) and will vary based on certain times of the year to support a new client.
Not the right fit? Let us know you're interested in a future opportunity by joining our Talent Community on jobs.genpt.com or create an account to set up email alerts as new job postings become available that meet your interest!
GPC conducts its business without regard to sex, race, creed, color, religion, marital status, national origin, citizenship status, age, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, military status, status as a veteran, or any other protected characteristic. GPC's policy is to recruit, hire, train, promote, assign, transfer and terminate employees based on their own ability, achievement, experience and conduct and other legitimate business reasons.
Description
About Ascendion
Ascendion is a full-service digital engineering solutions company. We make and manage software platforms and products that power growth and deliver captivating experiences to consumers and employees. Our engineering, cloud, data, experience design, and talent solution capabilities accelerate transformation and impact for enterprise clients. Headquartered in New Jersey, our workforce of 6,000+ Ascenders delivers solutions from around the globe. Ascendion is built differently to engineer the next.
Ascendion | Engineering to elevate life
We have a culture built on opportunity, inclusion, and a spirit of partnership. Come, change the world with us:
Build the coolest tech for world’s leading brands
Solve complex problems – and learn new skills
Experience the power of transforming digital engineering for Fortune 500 clients
Master your craft with leading training programs and hands-on experience
Experience a community of change makers!
Join a culture of high-performing innovators with endless ideas and a passion for tech. Our culture is the fabric of our company, and it is what makes us unique and diverse. The way we share ideas, learning, experiences, successes, and joy allows everyone to be their best at Ascendion.
About the Role:
Job Title: Full Stack Developer
Key Responsibilities:
Engineering experience
Strong experience with Java
Front-end experience (Angular experience at some point in career)
Strong SQL experience
Cloud experience
SOAP they used Heavily but they can consider JSON, RESTApis too.
Hands-on experience on OPA. They are going to use OPA with S3.
Exposure to DevOps Skills - specifically deploying to CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins).
Enterprise level experience is MUST.
Location: Raleigh, NC
Salary Range: The salary for this position is between $115,000 – $120,000 annually. Factors which may affect pay within this range may include geography/market, skills, education, experience, and other qualifications of the successful candidate.
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: [medical insurance] [dental insurance] [vision insurance] [401(k) retirement plan] [long-term disability insurance] [short-term disability insurance] [5 personal days accrued each calendar year. The Paid time off benefits meet the paid sick and safe time laws that pertains to the City/ State] [10-15 days of paid vacation time] [6 paid holidays and 1 floating holiday per calendar year] [Ascendion Learning Management System]
Want to change the world? Let us know.
Tell us about your experiences, education, and ambitions. Bring your knowledge, unique viewpoint, and creativity to the table. Let’s talk!
If interested do share me your resume on deepak.smishra@ascendion.com
Preferred Skills:
Java,OPA,Angular
Job details
Job ID
329254
Job Requirements
Full Stack Developer
Location
Raleigh, North Carolina, US
Recruiter
DEEPAK
Email
deepak.smishra@ascendion.com
?>
Date: Dec 21, 2023
Location: Virginia Beach, VA, Virginia, United States
Company: HII's Mission Technologies division
Requisition Number: 17347
Required Travel: 0 - 10%
Employment Type: Full Time/Salaried/Exempt
Security Clearance: Ability to Obtain
Level of Experience: Mid

This opportunity resides with Unmanned Systems, a business group within HII’s Mission Technologies division. Our Unmanned Systems group creates advanced unmanned maritime solutions for defense, marine research and commercial applications. Serving customers in more than 30 countries, HII provides design, autonomy, manufacturing, testing, operations and sustainment of unmanned systems, including unmanned underwater vehicles (UUVs) and unmanned surface vessels (USVs).

Meet HII’s Mission Technologies Division
Our team of more than 7,000 professionals worldwide delivers all-domain expertise and advanced technologies in service of mission partners across the globe. Mission Technologies is leading the next evolution of national defense – the data evolution - by accelerating a breadth of national security solutions for government and commercial customers. Our capabilities range from C5ISR, AI and Big Data, cyber operations and synthetic training environments to fleet sustainment, environmental remediation and the largest family of unmanned underwater vehicles in every class. Find the role that’s right for you. Apply today. We look forward to meeting you.
Come Join HII! Where Hard Stuff is Done Right!
HII Unmanned Systems (HII UxS) is seeking a talented Frontend Software Engineer to join our User Interface (UI) development team. The ideal candidate should be proficient in creating scalable and dynamic web applications using React and TypeScript. In this role, you will also be responsible for profiling and improving front-end performance and documenting our front-end codebase. You will be working with widely used front-end technologies while also actively engaged in developing the next generation User Interface for our Unmanned Systems product portfolio, and in doing so will perform the following duties:


Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including designers and backend developers, to translate user interface/user experience (UI/UX) design concepts into functional, user-friendly applications.
Implement and optimize application components for maximum performance and scalability.
Work with web sockets and other real-time communication technologies to create interactive and dynamic features.
Write clean, modular, and maintainable code, following best practices and coding standards.
Conduct thorough testing and debugging to ensure the reliability and stability of the applications.
Stay updated with the latest front-end technologies, trends, and best practices.
Collaborate with product owners and customers to understand requirements and provide technical input for project planning and architecture.
Document application changes and developing updates.
What you will be doing...
Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions. Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures software standards are met.
What we are looking for...
5 years relevant experience with Bachelors in related field; 3 years relevant experience with Masters in related field; 0 years experience with PhD or Juris Doctorate in related field; or High School Diploma or equivalent and 9 years relevant experience.
BS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or Robotics Engineering.
2+ years of experience in front end development using ReactJS
In-depth knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and front-end languages.
Knowledge of ReactJS tools and libraries including Redux, MUI, Web Sockets, etc Proficiency in React and TypeScript, including a deep understanding of component-based architecture and modern front-end development patterns.
Familiarity with front-end libraries and tools commonly used in the React ecosystem.
Experience with REST API, real-time web technologies and web sockets.
Strong knowledge of state management libraries and reactive patterns.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) along with ability to foster relationship development with sponsors.
Excellent decision-making, problem-solving and analytical skills.
Must be a US Citizen able to obtain and maintain a government clearance #LI-MH1 *TE *EP *MV
Bonus points for...
5+ years of experience in front end development using ReactJS.
Documenting software design in UML.
Developing and documenting application requirements and interface designs.
Agile development methodology and Atlassian tools (JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence).
Physical Requirements
Adequate visual acuity and manual dexterity for meeting the requirements Software Engineer family.
Why HII
We build the world’s most powerful, survivable naval ships and defense technology solutions that safeguard our seas, sky, land, space and cyber. Our diverse workforce includes skilled tradespeople; artificial intelligence, machine learning (AI/ML) experts; engineers; technologists; scientists; logistics experts; and business administration professionals.

Recognized as one of America’s top large company employers, we are a values and ethics driven organization that puts people’s safety and well-being first. Regardless of your role or where you serve, at HII, you’ll find a supportive and welcoming environment, competitive benefits, and valuable educational and training programs for continual career growth at every stage of your career.

Together we are working to ensure a future where everyone can be free and thrive.
Today’s challenges are bigger than ever, and the nation needs the best of us. It’s why we’re focused on hiring, developing and nurturing our diversity. We believe that diversity among our workforce strengthens the organization, stimulates creativity, promotes the exchange of ideas and enriches the work lives of all our employees.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.

Do You Need Assistance?
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to buildyourcareer@hii-co.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Reasonable accommodations are considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address. Additionally, you may also call 1-844-849-8463 for assistance. Press #3 for HII Technical Solutions.
Software Developer Newark,NJ Developing Banking, healthcare, and treasury applications using Microsoft/Sun/Open source (Drupal) technologies. Redesigns legacy IT systems by evaluating client's existing technologies, and re-architects those systems using rich user interfaces and modern database technology. Develops technical specifications and project plans to ensure development activities proceed in accordance with project deliverables and time-frames. Manages and participates in full life-cycle development processes, including analysis, design, development, installation, implementation, and documentation of applications working on Microsoft's web platform - SharePoint. Designs business process models utilizing Metastorm, an industry accepted business process modeling tool. Utilizes standard report building tools, specifically Actuate Reporting, Business Objects, and WebFocus to design and generate end user reports. Requires a Master's Degree in Electronics Engineering and 1 year of experience. In lieu of, will accept a Bachelor's Degree in Electronics Engineering and 5 years of experience, or any suitable combination of education, training or experience thereof. Experience can be progressive. No less than a Bachelor's Degree and 5 years of experience is acceptable. Software Developer to develop banking/Healthcare/treasury applications using Microsoft/ Sun/Open source (Drupal) technologies to work in Newark, NJ.

Please email your resume to jobs@techicon.com
Skills: ANSI, Borland C++, Solaris, TCAP, Visual C++, TCAP
Job Description:
Develop ANSI41 HLR software for our client's future 3GHLR/VoIP product. Also debug, test and evaluate the system, Solid communication skills, postgraduate degree, 5+ years' telecom experience. ANSI 41 / TCAP (a MUST), Corba, WAN, Solaris, relational databases, Web server,Borland C++, Visual C++. Other Desired Skills: ANSI, Borland C++, Solaris, TCAP, Visual C++, TCAP, telecom, Minimum Education Required: Bachelor Years of Experience Required: 3-5 Years.
If you are interested in this position email the recruiting@logixinfosys.com with attachments
We are looking for innovative and passionate people who want to develop software that is used in an industry leading application that has a clear and real-world impact. Come join our team and flexible working environment to be a part of something great! You will be working on software that will be used by end users in over 120 countries around the world!
What to expect:
As a Software Developer III, you will be customizing our Interactive Response Technology (IRT) platform or building a completely new feature for a client just to meet their specific trial design need.
For each project assignment, you will be collaborating with Design Mangers, Architects, Tech Leads, Developers, Testers & QA to ensure we deliver a high-quality solution that is on time.
Occasionally you will provide tiered level production support or work on maintenance assignments as needed for our existing applications.
Lastly, you will feel proud of the work that you do!
How will you be doing this?
Coding with the latest and greatest development tools from the Microsoft tech stack.
Working with a developer friendly and mature .NET based service bus technology such as NServiceBus.
Designing and developing within a Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) that is loosely coupled and adheres to modern design patterns and principles.
Writing high quality C# / ASP.NET MVC code that has high automated unit test coverage and ensure it adheres to the SOLID principles.
You will be writing efficient and performant LINQ queries and working within a platform that leverages asynchronous programming via Async and Await.
You will be exposed to and use advanced C# constructs, functions, and delegates.
Team & Culture:
Advancing human health requires exceptional people – your talent, experience and passion will be a key strength to our growing team. Our development group believes in a team atmosphere, where everyone is willing to help another. Our unique boot camp program for new technical hires is comprised of sessions designed to provide context around clinical trials, what we do within our platform and how, and a taste of what our developers are asked to build in real clinical trial studies.
What your colleagues at Almac are saying:
“One day…one of the drugs that was being tested in the clinical trial system I helped build, may be approved and I can say I had a part in that!”
Skills & Requirements:
Required Education:
Bachelor’s degree in related technical field required
Or HS degree and equivalent of 2 years of work experience required either through full time work as a programmer/developer utilizing coding skills
Or HS degree and through Co-Op internships where 2 yrs. of experience was gained by programming
Required Experience:
Minimum 1 year of experience developing applications utilizing Microsoft SQL Server.
Minimum 3 year of experience developing applications utilizing ASP.net MVC and C#.
What can Almac Group offer you?
Medical, Vision & Dental benefits from the 1st of the month following start date
20 days PTO per year, accrued monthly following start date
12 holidays per year
Company paid Long and Short-term disability along with Life Insurance
401k company contribution
Hybrid work available for applicable roles
Professional development programs/ continuous learning opportunities
Want to see our latest job opportunities? Follow us on LinkedIn
RECRUITMENT AGENCIES PLEASE NOTE: Almac will only accept applications from agencies/business partners that have been invited to work on this role through our portal. Candidate Resumes/CV’s not submitted through our portal or directly to Hiring Managers will be considered unsolicited and no fee will be payable. Thank you for your cooperation.
Almac Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled - Proudly embracing diversity in all of its expressions.
EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law GINA Supplement
Almac provides reasonable accommodations to people with disabilities who need assistance completing the application process. Please email us at ADARequest@almacgroup.com to request assistance.
Vickers and Nolan Enterprises (VNE) is an engineering company that provides Government projects and programs with experienced and dedicated system architects, engineers, subject matter experts (in tactical intelligence), and program managers. VNE also develops training courses and tools to prepare warfighters to effectively employ tactical intelligence systems and provide management guidance to the Government organizations that develop these systems.
VNE has earned a reputation for exceptional performance, innovation, agility, and responsiveness in the Intelligence Community (IC). We attack our mission with a comprehensive understanding of the data available and required; skilled research, design, development, integration, and testing of systems and software solutions; expertise in cybersecurity/information assurance and technology; programmatic, acquisition, and logistics support know-how; and our own unique training curricula that enables students to excel at intelligence operations across all levels of the community.
VNE is devoted to improving tactical operations at home and abroad by enabling the seamless transition of data across the intelligence community and developing/integrating solutions to unify operations and intelligence.
VNE is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) founded in 2004 in Stafford, VA.
Qualifications
VNE, LLC is looking for four Cleared Software Engineers
Minimum Qualifications:
Education:
B.S. in Mathematics, Science, Engineering, or a related field highly desired
Experience:
Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience
The qualified candidate should possess the following:
Experience developing software in at least one of the following: Python, Java, C++, JavaScript
Experience interacting with data via REST Web APIs (XML or Json)
Experience working with relational databases such as SQL Server, PostgreSQL, or MySQL databases
Experience in data analytics, data engineering, data modeling, data warehousing, or big data platforms is preferred
Proficient understanding of Computer Science fundamentals in design patterns, data structures, and algorithms
Ability to analyze problems and propose solutions
Experience with version control systems like Git, SVN, etc.
Passion for actively contributing to an Agile development team, offering insight on design, architecture, and implementation of mission critical software systems
Ability to operate effectively in a team-oriented and collaborative environment
Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with all levels of end users and technical resources.
Secret level Clearance required; TS/SCI level Clearance desired.
Additional Quals Desired:
Experience with authorization security protocols such as DoD PKI, SSL, or OAuth 2.0
Design and building data flows in Apache NiFi (including data movement, tagging, routing, and some transformation/conversion)
Recurring operations and maintenance activities (monitor health of exiting NiFi flows and troubleshoot NiFi operations and interfaces)
Assisting multiple development teams with creating new dataflows, running exiting flows to improve performance, integrating with external web services and APIs, and developing supportable systems through automation and notifications
Project based development, implementation, and documentation of NiFi systems and capabilities (Security enhancements, Resource Monitoring and Notification, Dev/Ops Automation, Clustering, etc.)
Managing and monitoring Windows or Linux server resources in a VMWare environment
Experience in a range of common big data tools & technologies such as Elasticsearch, Airflow, Hive, NiFi, Kinesis, Snowflake, Kafka, Spark, etc.
Experience with the ArcGIS product suite
Experience with big data and associated technologies
Job Description:
The DCGS-MC Development team is responsible for the implementation, support, and maintenance of multiple enterprise intelligence software solutions for the United States Marine Corps.
Primary responsibilities of software developers include building data ingestion and management pipelines for a large-scale enterprise. Candidates will also be given opportunities to research and develop innovative solutions for Marine Corps Intelligence applications.
Essential Duties of the Job:
Ability to communicate task requirement information to client in a clear and concise manner.
Must be able to sit and stand for prolonged periods of time, as well as lead and participate in meetings and working groups.
Requires visual acuity to use a keyboard.
Must be able to attend work each day, during scheduled hours, unless on travel or approved time off.
Ability to work on computer for long periods, and communicate with individuals by telephone, email and face-to-face
Physical Demands and Work Environment:
While performing duties of job, employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear.
Employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
May be exposed to chemicals related to office equipment.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate (i.e. general office environment).
Benefits:
401 (K) w/ up to 3.5% Company Match
Health, Dental & Vision Insurance
Basic & Supplemental Life Insurance
Short & Long Term Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
11 Paid Holidays
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Gym Membership (varies by location)
Corporate-Sponsored Events
The Software Developer is responsible for performing tasks related to the .NET ERP package including project management for SW development projects, documentation, code release, backups, bug testing, troubleshooting user issues, etc. Responsible for the following ERP application development items: configure, analyze, design, develop, and maintain ERP program codes and applications to support business processes and functions.
Works on complex problems in which analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors. Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. May determine methods and procedures on new assignments and may provide guidance to other lower level personnel.
Essential Job Functions
The major tasks and duties of the job include but are not limited to:
Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs and modifies software enhancements and/or modification of computer programs.
May design and develop imaging algorithms for software components, interactive and automated applications and/or test programs.
Uses current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications.
Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance.
Designs/codes applications following specifications using the appropriate tools.
Maintains and modifies existing applications without supervision as well as under direction from senior staff members.
Performs maintenance programming for existing version.
Performs custom programming at customer request.
Assumes responsibility for ongoing data architecture for ERP software.
Uses professional concepts to contribute to ERP software development concepts and principles and to achieve objectives in creative and effective ways.
Demonstrates behavior consistent with ChemGenes’ Core Values.
May perform other duties as assigned.
Core Competencies
At the mid-career level, solidifying the following competencies:
Technical Capacity:
Has solid knowledge of software development processes, policies and practices.
Has the knowledge and tools required to complete the work efficiently and effectively. Grasps aspects of required duties and skills.
Achieves a satisfactory level of technical and professional skill or knowledge in position-related areas;
Keeps current developments and trends in areas of expertise.
Problem Solving/Analysis:
Engages in mutual problem solving by brainstorming alternative positions and approaches and evaluating them openly and fairly.
Uses sound or logical judgment to spot and analyze problems, develop alternative solutions and initiate corrective solutions.
Proactively identifies problems – Anticipates, identifies and clearly defines problems
Identifies multiple solutions to the problem – Identifies, evaluates and weighs alternatives of multiple solutions
Proposes and implements solutions – Works effectively with the organization to resolve issues and proposes
Implements well-conceived, logical solutions in the best interest of the organization.
Communication Skills:
Proactively communicates; informs others of what they need to know. Utilizes oral and written communication to enhance relationships across the organization. Capably articulates thoughts and ideas in speaking and listens carefully to others.
Verbal communication – Clearly communicates ideas, information, proposals, instructions, issues, and questions using appropriate tone and language.
Written communication – Produces clear, concise memos, email, and other correspondence, that conveys all relevant information using appropriate language.
Interpersonal skills:
Style, tone and nonverbal cues
Negotiation
Performance reviews/feedback
Difficult conversations/minimizing conflict
Project Management and Time Management:
Establishing priorities and outlining project goals and outcomes
Planning the project timeline
Effective collaboration
Honesty & Integrity:
Takes personal responsibility for correcting problems or issues.
Holds themselves to the highest ethical standards within the industry
Preparation, Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Bachelor’s degree in related field such as Computer Science or related discipline.
3–5 years of development experience in VB.NET and MySQL.
Strong understanding of database design, MySQL queries and stored procedures.
Experience in systems design and a solid understanding of applications development, database development, application and system testing, and integration methodologies.
Excellent logic, communication and troubleshooting skills.
Flexibility and resourcefulness in design and development are a plus.
Maintains broad knowledge of software development principles and theory.
Computer skills: strong knowledge of Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel.
Must be able to multitask and have good time management skills.
Must be able to work in a team atmosphere and have a positive attitude toward work environment.
Supervisory Responsibility
None
Working Conditions & Physical Demands
The work will be performed at the ChemGenes’ corporate office. This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand as necessary. In order to type and use the telephone: use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools or controls, reach with hands and arms, talk or hear.
Houston, Texas
Tech Hiring
3041338
Job Description
About Wipro:
Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading technology services and consulting company focused on building innovative solutions that address clients’ most complex digital transformation needs. We leverage our holistic portfolio of capabilities in consulting, design, engineering, operations, and emerging technologies to help clients realize their boldest ambitions and build future-ready, sustainable businesses. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 250,000 dedicated employees serving clients across 66 countries. We deliver on the promise of helping our customers, colleagues, and communities thrive in an ever-changing world.
A PROUD HISTORY OF OVER 75 YEARS
FY22 REVENUE 10.4 BN USD
WE’RE PRESENT IN 66 COUNTRIES
OVER 1,400 ACTIVE GLOBAL CLIENTS

Position: Full-Stack Web Developer
Location: Houston, TX (Onsite only)

Job description :
We are seeking a Full-Stack Web Developer with 3-5 years of hands-on experience in developing and maintaining robust web applications. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of user interface design and experience in backend development using .NET technologies.
Key Responsibilities:
Design, develop, and maintain user interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks.
Implement responsive web design principles to ensure that our web applications render well across multiple devices.
Work with .NET technologies (MVC & .NET Core) to develop and maintain server-side logic and functionality.
Integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic and functionality using standard .NET frameworks.
Build reusable code and libraries for future use.
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs by collaborating with the design team.
Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability.
Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to the back-end services.
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders in the development process.
Follow emerging technologies and industry trends and apply them into operations and activities.
Maintain and enhance existing web applications and all integrated systems.
Technical Qualifications:
Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3.
Strong understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS.
Client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks experience, including jQuery.
Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, or DurandalJS.
Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
Familiarity with front-end build tools, such as Grunt and Gulp.js.
Proficient knowledge of .NET, including but not limited to ASP.NET MVC, .NET Core, Web API, Entity Framework.
Familiarity with database technology such as SQL Server, Oracle, and NoSQL databases like HBase, MongoDB or CouchDB.
Understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git, Mercurial or SVN.
Experience with cloud service providers, such as AWS or Azure, is a plus.
Knowledge of RESTful API design and development.
Experience with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.
Certifications:
Certifications in .NET, front-end technologies, or other relevant areas are a plus.
Soft Skills:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Ability to manage a project independently.
A keen eye for detail and a commitment to excellence.
Willingness to learn new technologies and to adapt to changing project requirements.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expres.

#LI-AK7
Windows Platform Engineering

If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements, or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please email us at helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com. Do not email your resume to this ID as it is not monitored for resumes and career applications.
Any complaints or concerns regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our Ombuds Group at ombuds.person@wipro.com

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Wipro is committed to creating an accessible, supportive, and inclusive workplace. Reasonable accommodation will be provided to all applicants including persons with disabilities, throughout the recruitment and selection process. Accommodations must be communicated in advance of the application, where possible, and will be reviewed on an individual basis. Wipro provides equal opportunities to all and values diversity.
Software Developer with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology, a closely related field, or a combination of education and experience equating to the U.S. equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Collaborating with business stakeholders to initiate the project and define proposals.
Information technology engineering services, including full life cycle installation, integration, development, maintenance and testing.
Collaborating with concerned stakeholders to initiate project and define proposals.
Conducting needs analysis to understand root causes; Program applications to enhance troubleshoot or operations, workflows, and technology integrity.
Development of technical application, systems analysis, and assurance to projects meet business user needs, such as development of integrated production and inventory control and cost analysis systems.
Design and implement solutions that enhance data capture, analysis and reporting capabilities. Scoping each in project detail and phasing out the deliverables, estimating each efforts project required, staffing the project team, identifying risks, and risk developing mitigation for plans programs.
Establishing vision and defining high-level strategy for program implementation; Identifying and prioritizing projects and/or primary tracks of work and integration opportunities, and translating them into long-term implementation plans.
Developing and implementing procedures and standards that will provide effective workflows and satisfy the business needs of clients.
Driving continuous improvement towards delivery excellence; Participating in senior management review, well as as change management and release daily meetings.
Providing weekly statuses, monthly management review status reports, and Participating in project audit review meetings.
To store, retrieve, and manipulate data for analysis of system and capabilities requirements, design, develop and modify software systems, scientific using and mathematical analysis models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of Additionally, design, develop and direct software and testing system validation procedures, programming and documentation.
Consult with customers about software system design and maintenance and analyze information to determine, recommend, and plan computer specifications and layouts, and peripheral equipment modifications. The beneficiary will also utilize database skills in management system software, object-oriented programming development software.
Develop workflows and data process pipelines using tools developed on .Net Framework.
Write Oracle PL/SQL packages and Postgres PG/SQL, Procedures, Functions.
Create technical solutions to simplify and operationalize existing processes.
Technologies involved:
Uipath Studio, Uipath Orchestrator, C#.Net, XML, HTML, CSS, Python, SQL, VBA, Macros, Excel, PowerShell, Automation Anywhere, UiPath, Power Kryon, Automate, Abbyy Flexi Capture and Work fusion. GIT, TFS, Microsoft JIRA, Azure Planner. Windows, Mainframes, UNIX, MySQL and Oracle PL/SQL.
Skills / Knowledge required:
Strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming concepts
Has a good knowledge on how Automations are implemented and maintained in RPA tools in serverless environments and on databases like SQL Server, Oracle and DB2.
Expert designer, coder and tester for Uipath/Automation Anywhere Tools.
Experience in creating automations based on .Net framework packages to reuse across multiple applications without creating multiple classes in the repository.
Expertise in working with Uipath Studio, Uipath Orchestrator for workflows creation and deployment.
Experience in AWS Cloud environment activities – Adding new AWS EC2, AWS ECS, Creation / Maintenance of Gradle, Jenkins Pipeline Scripts etc.
Experience in design reviews and extensive documentation of standards, best practices, and RPA tools feasibility.
Evaluate all functional requirements and map documents and perform troubleshoot on all development processes.
Expertise in databases like Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server.
Ability to provide work around and fix the technical bugs in the existing processes.
Support code migration and deployment for all java migration tasks.
Experience in implementing java best practices and strategies to build and optimized and high performing applications.
Strong experience in coordinating with the Business Analysts to understand business requirement, functional requirements, and conversion of business rules into technical specifications.
Proven ability to work independently or in conjunction with a team.
Work experience / Technologies required for the position:
At least 5 years of experience working with RPA sand software framework applications.
3 years working experience with RPA tools.
Candidate should be extremely familiar with Uipath Studio.
Candidate should have RPA tools Uipath and .Net framework knowledge with proven experience along with SQL and any language scripting knowledge.
Ability to take high level requirements and/or scope and drive to successful execution.
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, related field or equivalent work experience.
Experience working in a fast-paced team environment and managing priorities with minimal supervision.
Strong organizational skills and the ability to multitask; can set priorities and follow a timeline.
Excellent written and oral communications.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, up to and including executive.
Experience using analytical and problem solving skills.
UiPath/Automation Anywhere Tools certification is a plus.
Experience negotiating effectively and facilitating conflict resolution.
Work location is Portland, ME with required travel to client locations throughout USA.

Rite Pros is an equal opportunity employer (EOE).

Please Mail Resumes to:
Rite Pros, Inc.
565 Congress St, Suite # 305
Portland, ME 04101.
Email: resumes@ritepros.com
The Proteus Product Suite of ProteusCMS, ProteusEngage and the ProteusPlatform help digitally transform b2b customer experiences via robust content management, digital engagement, and web product innovation. We are looking for an exceptional Full Stack Developer to join our growing product development organization.
Requirements
Bachelors degree
Smart, tenacious, results-oriented personality, self starter
Strong Javascript coding fundamentals
Experience with HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, and cross-browser development
Experience with and able to quickly learn new libraries and frameworks (VueJS, React, Babel, Webpack, etc)
Experience working with Relational Databases - specific PostgresQL experience is a plus
Experience with server-side development using Java
Basic understanding of git and comfortable with team-based software development including timely, growth-oriented code reviews
Strong time management skills and handling of multiple projects is a must
Dynamic and flexible personality - willing to wear many hats
Compensation
Competitive salaries
Comprehensive medical benefits
Proteus Growth - profit sharing program
Wellness Program
A fun, vibrant, and casual work environment in Lincoln, NE
Want to Apply? Email us your resume at careers@proteus.co
Description
About Ascendion
Ascendion is a full-service digital engineering solutions company. We make and manage software platforms and products that power growth and deliver captivating experiences to consumers and employees. Our engineering, cloud, data, experience design, and talent solution capabilities accelerate transformation and impact for enterprise clients. Headquartered in New Jersey, our workforce of 6,000+ Ascenders delivers solutions from around the globe. Ascendion is built differently to engineer the next.
Ascendion | Engineering to elevate life
We have a culture built on opportunity, inclusion, and a spirit of partnership. Come, change the world with us:
Build the coolest tech for world’s leading brands
Solve complex problems – and learn new skills
Experience the power of transforming digital engineering for Fortune 500 clients
Master your craft with leading training programs and hands-on experience
Experience a community of change makers!
Join a culture of high-performing innovators with endless ideas and a passion for tech. Our culture is the fabric of our company, and it is what makes us unique and diverse. The way we share ideas, learning, experiences, successes, and joy allows everyone to be their best at Ascendion.
About the Role:
Job Title: Full Stack Developer
Key Responsibilities:
Engineering experience
Strong experience with Java
Front-end experience (Angular experience at some point in career)
Strong SQL experience
Cloud experience
SOAP they used Heavily but they can consider JSON, RESTApis too.
Hands-on experience on OPA. They are going to use OPA with S3.
Exposure to DevOps Skills - specifically deploying to CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins).
Enterprise level experience is MUST.
Location: Raleigh, NC
Salary Range: The salary for this position is between $115,000 – $120,000 annually. Factors which may affect pay within this range may include geography/market, skills, education, experience, and other qualifications of the successful candidate.
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: [medical insurance] [dental insurance] [vision insurance] [401(k) retirement plan] [long-term disability insurance] [short-term disability insurance] [5 personal days accrued each calendar year. The Paid time off benefits meet the paid sick and safe time laws that pertains to the City/ State] [10-15 days of paid vacation time] [6 paid holidays and 1 floating holiday per calendar year] [Ascendion Learning Management System]
Want to change the world? Let us know.
Tell us about your experiences, education, and ambitions. Bring your knowledge, unique viewpoint, and creativity to the table. Let’s talk!
If interested do share me your resume on deepak.smishra@ascendion.com
Preferred Skills:
Java,OPA,Angular
Job details
Job ID
329254
Job Requirements
Full Stack Developer
Location
Raleigh, North Carolina, US
Recruiter
DEEPAK
Email
deepak.smishra@ascendion.com
?>
Requisition No: 819541
Agency: Management Services
Working Title: APPLICATION DEVELOPER - 72004189
Pay Plan: Career Service
Position Number: 72004189
Salary: $58,153.68
Posting Closing Date: 01/01/2024
Total Compensation Estimator Tool
Application Developer
Division of Information Technology
State of Florida Department of Management Services
This position is located in Tallahassee, FL

Position Overview and Responsibilities: [Keywords Searched: Full Stack Developer Jobs, Web Development Jobs, AppDev, RPA jobs]
This position reports to the Information Technology section, which provides business automation and application development solutions that support a variety of operational needs across the agency. To be successful in this role, we need a strong team player who thrives in a collaborative work environment. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work alongside other developers, content managers, analysts, customers, and agency leadership. Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:

Enhance, maintain, and support the custom software applications used within the department. These applications are web-based apps written using current software programming languages and SQL compliant relational databases. This will require advanced level capabilities.

Design and develop new or replacement web-based software applications to support the business and processing needs of the DMS. Work collaboratively with customers to understand and document automation and system requirements. Examples of work may include:
Design and model user interfaces, object behavior, database entities, and processes surrounding systems.
Build applications according to documented specifications.
Develop test plans and ensure proper execution of test plans.
Ensure adequate source code control and version control.
Train end-users and cross train team members in proper use of applications.
Coordinate with OS systems developers to properly setup and configure servers and databases for proper functioning of Web-based applications.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Ability to code in multiple languages (C#/SQL/JavaScript) and work independently and in team environments.
Ability to work across multiple platforms (MVC/.net/Ruby on Rails)
Ability to configure and maintain Power Platform components including desktop and web flows.
Ability to give attention to detail, spot errors quickly and maintain focus when working on long tasks.
Ability to provide general technological support and assistance for a broad range of business needs.
Strong analytical skills and experience to critique and document specific business automation requests and needs, make recommendations for technical solutions, and participate in implementing or leading appropriate automation solutions.
Ability to provide instruction to junior content managers & business automation specialists.
Ability to write and maintain accurate and complete technical documentation.
Ability to collect, evaluate and analyze data to develop alternative recommendations, solve problems, document workflow and other activities relating to the improvement of business operations.
Proficiency in the full Microsoft Office Suite.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Ability to draft professional communications for both technical and non-technical audiences.
Ability to work independently.
Ability to communicate effectively.
Accountability, Communication, Empowerment, Flexibility, Integrity, Respect, Teamwork.

Minimum Qualifications:
A minimum of two years of experience in software, web-based, or cloud-based design and development. An associate degree in software development or related field can substitute for experience.

Preferred Qualifications:
Although not required, some nice-to-haves include experience using the following Microsoft tools: Source Control/Git, VS Code/Visual Studio, PowerShell, Office 365, PowerApps/Flows/RPA, Power BI, and SharePoint.

Our Organization and Mission:
DMS is a customer-oriented agency responsible for managing the various business and workforce-related functions of state government. Under the direction of Governor Ron DeSantis and DMS’ Executive Leadership Team, the agency oversees the real estate, procurement, human resources, group insurance, retirement, technology, telecommunications, private prisons, fleet, and federal property assistance programs utilized throughout Florida’s state government. It is against this backdrop that DMS strives to demonstrate its mission, “We serve those who serve Florida.” Under the leadership of DMS Secretary Pedro Allende, DMS’ employees embody four pillars on a daily basis: lead by example, serve with excellence, create efficiencies, and challenge the status quo.


Special Notes:
DMS is committed to successfully recruiting and onboarding talented and skilled individuals into its workforce. We recognize the extensive training, experience and transferrable skills that veterans and individuals with disabilities bring to the workforce. Veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to contact our recruiter for guidance and answers to questions through the following provided email addresses:
DMS.Ability@dms.myflorida.com
DMS.Veterans@dms.myflorida.com
An individual with a disability is qualified if he or she satisfies the skills, experience, and other job related requirements for a position and can perform the essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodation.Candidates requiring a reasonable accommodation, as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act, must contact the DMS Human Resources (HR) Office at (850) 488-2707. DMS requests applicants notify HR in advance to allow sufficient time to provide the accommodation.
Successful completion of background screening will be required for this position.
The State of Florida is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action Employer, and does not tolerate discrimination or violence in the workplace.
Candidates requiring a reasonable accommodation, as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act, must notify the agency hiring authority and/or People First Service Center (1-866-663-4735). Notification to the hiring authority must be made in advance to allow sufficient time to provide the accommodation.
The State of Florida supports a Drug-Free workplace. All employees are subject to reasonable suspicion drug testing in accordance with Section 112.0455, F.S., Drug-Free Workplace Act.
VETERANS’ PREFERENCE. Pursuant to Chapter 295, Florida Statutes, candidates eligible for Veterans’ Preference will receive preference in employment for Career Service vacancies and are encouraged to apply. Certain service members may be eligible to receive waivers for postsecondary educational requirements. Candidates claiming Veterans’ Preference must attach supporting documentation with each submission that includes character of service (for example, DD Form 214 Member Copy #4) along with any other documentation as required by Rule 55A-7, Florida Administrative Code. Veterans’ Preference documentation requirements are available by clicking here. All documentation is due by the close of the vacancy announcement.
Date: Dec 21, 2023
Location: Pocasset, MA, Massachusetts, United States
Company: HII's Mission Technologies division
Requisition Number: 17342
Required Travel: 0 - 10%
Employment Type: Full Time/Salaried/Exempt
Security Clearance: Ability to Obtain
Level of Experience: Mid

This opportunity resides with Unmanned Systems, a business group within HII’s Mission Technologies division. Our Unmanned Systems group creates advanced unmanned maritime solutions for defense, marine research and commercial applications. Serving customers in more than 30 countries, HII provides design, autonomy, manufacturing, testing, operations and sustainment of unmanned systems, including unmanned underwater vehicles (UUVs) and unmanned surface vessels (USVs).

Meet HII’s Mission Technologies Division
Our team of more than 7,000 professionals worldwide delivers all-domain expertise and advanced technologies in service of mission partners across the globe. Mission Technologies is leading the next evolution of national defense – the data evolution - by accelerating a breadth of national security solutions for government and commercial customers. Our capabilities range from C5ISR, AI and Big Data, cyber operations and synthetic training environments to fleet sustainment, environmental remediation and the largest family of unmanned underwater vehicles in every class. Find the role that’s right for you. Apply today. We look forward to meeting you.
Come Join HII! Where Hard Stuff is Done Right!
HII Unmanned Systems (HII UxS) is seeking a skilled full stack software developer to join our User Interface (UI) development team. In this role, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing frontend and backend software for a complex web application. Translating software requirements into working and maintainable solutions within the existing application frameworks. You will be actively engaged in developing the next generation UI for our Unmanned system product portfolio, and in doing so will perform the following duties:


Meeting with the development team to discuss user interface ideas and applications.
Reviewing application requirements and interface designs.
Identifying web-based user interactions.
Developing and implementing highly responsive user interface components using react concepts.
Writing application interface codes using JavaScript following react.js workflows.
Troubleshooting interface software and debugging application codes.
Developing and implementing front-end architecture to support user interface concepts.
Monitoring and improving front-end and back-end performance.
Documenting application changes and developing updates.
What you will be doing...
Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions. Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures software standards are met.
What we are looking for...
5 years relevant experience with Bachelors in related field; 3 years relevant experience with Masters in related field; 0 years experience with PhD or Juris Doctorate in related field; or High School Diploma or equivalent and 9 years relevant experience.
BS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or Robotics Engineering.
Understanding of key UI design principles.
2+ years of experience in full stack development
In-depth knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and front-end languages.
Knowledge of REACT tools including React.js, Webpack, Redux, and Flux.
Strong background in end-to-end UI development including proficiency in common languages such as Java Spring, HTML5, JavaScript, .net, TypeScript, etc. as well as microservices development.
REST API development experience
Relational DB experience
Developing and implementing highly responsive user interface components using react concepts.
Troubleshooting interface software and debugging application codes.
Developing and implementing front-end architecture to support user interface concepts.
Monitoring and improving front-end performance.
Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) along with ability to foster relationship development with sponsors.
Excellent decision-making, problem-solving and analytical skills.
Must be a US Citizen able to obtain and maintain a government clearance #LI-MH1 *TE *EP *MV
Bonus points for...
5+ years of experience in full stack development.
Documenting software design in UML.
Developing and documenting application requirements and interface designs.
Agile development methodology and Atlassian tools (JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence).
Physical Requirements
Adequate visual acuity and manual dexterity for meeting the requirements Software Engineer family.
Why HII
We build the world’s most powerful, survivable naval ships and defense technology solutions that safeguard our seas, sky, land, space and cyber. Our diverse workforce includes skilled tradespeople; artificial intelligence, machine learning (AI/ML) experts; engineers; technologists; scientists; logistics experts; and business administration professionals.

Recognized as one of America’s top large company employers, we are a values and ethics driven organization that puts people’s safety and well-being first. Regardless of your role or where you serve, at HII, you’ll find a supportive and welcoming environment, competitive benefits, and valuable educational and training programs for continual career growth at every stage of your career.

Together we are working to ensure a future where everyone can be free and thrive.
Today’s challenges are bigger than ever, and the nation needs the best of us. It’s why we’re focused on hiring, developing and nurturing our diversity. We believe that diversity among our workforce strengthens the organization, stimulates creativity, promotes the exchange of ideas and enriches the work lives of all our employees.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.

Do You Need Assistance?
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to buildyourcareer@hii-co.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Reasonable accommodations are considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address. Additionally, you may also call 1-844-849-8463 for assistance. Press #3 for HII Technical Solutions.
Careers
Mid Senior Software Developer
(View all jobs)
Remote - LATAM Only
Acklen Avenue is a trusted partner in outsourced development. We help ambitious companies accelerate software delivery by providing complete agile development teams as well as staff augmentation.

Acklen Avenue offers more than talent. Our dedicated teams offer a mature product development process, staffed with experienced, full-time experts. And our staff augmentation offering delivers fully vetted and Acklen approved individual developers to add the right skills when and where you need them.

Mid Senior Software Developer
OVERVIEW
Acklen Avenue is a trusted partner in outsourced development. We help ambitious companies accelerate software delivery by providing complete agile development teams as well as staff augmentation.
Acklen Avenue offers more than talent. Our dedicated teams offer a mature product development process, staffed with experienced, full-time experts. And our staff augmentation offering delivers fully vetted and Acklen approved individual developers to add the right skills when and where you need them.

WHO YOU ARE
You’re a Mid/Senior Software Developer proficient in technologies such as .NET Framework,.NET Core, C#, MVC, Web Forms, SQL stored procedures, JavaScript, jQuery, Entity Framework, Web API, Gitlab, Jira, and Octopus. With these technical skills, you will assist us with the design, development, and implementation of software solutions. In this specific role, you will focus on defect resolution and data manipulation versus new builds.

POSITION ACCOUNTABILITIES
Below is a list of skills/attributes that a Software Developer should possess at all levels, with increasing levels of competency as they attain higher levels and titles.
Agile Lean Knowledge: Solid understanding of the principles and practices of Agile and Lean methods such as Scrum, Kanban, and XP by:
Vertically slicing functionality on the work to be done to deliver near production ready code.
Pivoting the development of features based on client feedback with the guidance of the team
Ability to learn new languages and technologies: Be able to apply their general software development knowledge while learning new languages and technologies, leveraging their years of experience to aid their learning process by:
Identifying similarities and differences between programming languages
Identifying applicable best practices for the new programming language
Stays current with new and evolving technologies via formal training and self-directed education
General Software Design and Architecture Knowledge: Be able to design software solutions that satisfy client requirements and/or identify bugs by:
Leverage different design patterns to solve specific client requirements
Leverage existing software frameworks that speed up the development of software solutions to meet client requirements
Leverage technologies available to the project that can take care of part of the functionality that needs to be developed (Like for example, an authentication provider for user management and security)
Problem solving oriented mindset
Basic CI/CD concepts
Apply Clean Architecture principles
Write good quality and secure code: Be able to write good quality code that is maintainable, easy to understand, and easy to debug in case of an error by:
Write code using test driven development to ensure quality and compliance with requirements
Apply SOLID principles and Clean Coding practices
Make sure code is compliant and can pass all of the security recommendations published in the OWASP TOP 10 security risks
Client communication: Be able to communicate with clients to gather further details on requirements and receive feedback on the work being done.
Teamwork: Be able to work as a part of a team and collaborate with other team members by:
Participating in daily standups, retrospective meetings and grooming sessions
Pair programming
Demonstrates a solid understanding of the impact of own work on the team
Git principles
Professionalism: Demonstrates professionalism in their work ethic, interactions with peers, and dealing with clients.
POSITION SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS
Mid/Senior Developer (This would be you!)
.NET Framework
.NET Core
C#
MVC
Web forms
SQL stored procedures
JavaScript
jQuery
Entity framework
Web API
Gitlab
Jira
Octopus (preferred)
Emphasis on defect resolution and data manipulation over new feature development.

CORE VALUES

At Acklen, we are committed to creating a place for people to grow and improve their lives. We really care about growing people. We are not Messing Around.

Committed to Personal Growth
Seek First to Understand
Bring Out the Best in Others
Solutions-Oriented

Mid-Senior Level.
Full-time job (40 hours weekly).
9-month contract. (High chance of renewal)
B2-C1 Advanced English Level.
Availability from 8-5pm in the EST-PST-CST time zone.
Remote Work.
LATAM based only.
CORE VALUES
At Acklen, we are committed to creating a place for people to grow and improve their lives. We really care about growing people. We are not Messing Around.
Committed to Personal Growth
Seek First to Understand
Bring Out the Best in Others
Solutions-Oriented
Apply for this Job
* Required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone *
Resume/CV *
Attach
Dropbox
or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
Cover Letter
Attach
Dropbox
or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
What are your yearly or hourly salary expectations in USD? *
What is your availability to start? *
Please select
Place of Residence *
Do you have fluent English to participate in global meetings and provide information with details? *
-
If selected, do you agree to an Employment Verification and Criminal Records?* *
-
LinkedIn Profile
Website
Source: (Where did you find this Job Posting) *
Please select
Benefits
Work with and from a variety of countries
Level up your career with opportunities to invest in a variety of skills
Be a part of a tight-knit team that sticks together from project to project
Values
Committing to personal growth
Bringing out the best in others
Seeking first to understand
Finding solutions
Chantilly, VA
Website Wallach Search Group
Location: Chantilly, VA
Security Clearance: TS/SSBI/SCI CI POLYGRAPH
The Integration and Collaboration Environment team is looking for talented and motivated engineers to advance state of the art tools.
We look for candidates that are team-oriented with excellent problem-solving skills, a high level of creativity, and the ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies.
The team seeks a developer that can help design and build applications to demonstrate cutting edge capabilities and transition them into production.
As a Software Developer, you will join a fast-paced agile team to create and integrate new algorithms, user interfaces, develop and integrate code in multiple languages, and ensure continuous improvement of the software and associated databases.
Developers on this interdisciplinary team collaborate to deliver a complete software capability, covering everything from working with customers to define an operational need through deployment and training, to enable our warfighters to fight through a contested environment. Developers need to be able to communicate technical concepts to technical and non-technical audiences.
This will be done thru the development of multiple types of documentation to be used to educate developers and generate customer required artifacts.
Tasking includes implementing full-stack solutions and researching and integrating modern technologies such as ASP.NET and React to interface with a containerized microservice architecture.
Developers are responsible for developing features and ensuring that features remain stable by incorporating them into the CI/CD pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and other CI/CD tools.
Developers are responsible for developing graphical user interfaces (GUIs) using JavaScript frameworks and libraries for configuration and data visualization; and creating application programming interfaces (APIs) to provide other applications access to the core simulation features.
Developers provide support for the complete software development life cycle including design, integration, technical documentation, and testing.
Key Skills and Responsibilities:
Perform software design and development in Python, C#, Java, or JavaScript
Develop and configure project Continuous Integration and Delivery Pipelines
Database experience (SQL, ORM)
Design, develop, and deploy software systems within containers
Collaborate with systems engineers and subject matter experts to refine requirements
Provide support during the software development life cycle including design, integration, documentation, and testing
Coordinate with Product Owner to translate customer requirements into stories for development, test, and integration
Integrating with our diverse team of technical professionals to deliver solutions to our customers within an agile framework
The scope of work includes design, develop, and unit test functionality, regression testing, user acceptance testing, system integration, production deployment, and support on-going operations and maintenance activities
Work well in a team-oriented collaborative multi-office environment
Works on problems/projects of diverse complexity and scope


Required Skills and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in software engineering, computer science, or related discipline
5-10 Years of Software Development Experience
Active TS/SCI with CI Poly Security Clearance is required to be considered for this position
Experience with Python, C#, and Java with a minimum of 5 years
Experience with continuous integration process and tools
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Some travel is required (10%)
Self-starter and flexibility to wear multiple hats on a multi-discipline Scrum Team
Proficiency with containerization – Docker preferred
Interpersonal, organizational, oral presentation, technical writing, and software documentation skills
Self-motivated and ability to work effectively on an Agile Scrum team
Proficient Agile approaches to software development
Excellent analytical and assessment skills
Preferred Experience:
Experience working as a member of an agile software development team (e.g., Scrum, Kanban)
Experience developing modeling and simulation software
Experience developing micro-services
Experience with geospatial markup languages
Experience with secure application development practices
Experience using and interpreting the results of static code analysis tools
Experience with container deployment
Email Your Resume
SUMMARY
The Software Developer develops information systems by designing, developing, and installing software solutions. This position improves operations by conducting systems analysis and recommending changes in policies and procedures.
JOB DUTIES
Designs and constructs moderately complex interfaces between ERP and legacy systems.
Uses back-end programming languages, as well as front-end script languages to optimize performance, scalability, and security.
Codes programming logic for new or existing solutions software or applications in accordance to design specifications put in place by senior software development staff and leadership.
Handles installation, configuration, development, workflow design, monitoring, and/or upgrade of assigned software products.
Monitors quality and performance of applications through testing and maintenance.
Maintains up-to-date records of issues with existing code.
Suggests viable solutions to resolve issues with existing software.
Performs other assigned duties.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE
Typically requires a bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related field
Three (3) to five (5) years of back-end programing languages (ASP Java, Perl, C++, etc.) and front-end scripting languages (HTML5, JavaScript, CSS) or an equivalent combination.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES
Manages multiple tasks simultaneously while meeting deadlines.
Possess the latest knowledge on new technology and computer systems.
Communicates complex procedures to other colleagues.
Understands the latest trends and their role in a commercial environment.
Pays close attention to detail and desires to probe further into data
Must be eligible to work in the US without Visa sponsorship
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
LICENSES & CERTIFICATIONS:
None required.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY:
No Supervisory Responsibility
BUDGET RESPONSIBILITY:
No
COMPANY INFORMATION:
Motion Industries offers an excellent benefits package which includes options for healthcare coverage, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, vacation, sick, and holiday pay.
Not the right fit? Let us know you're interested in a future opportunity by joining our Talent Community on jobs.genpt.com or create an account to set up email alerts as new job postings become available that meet your interest!
GPC conducts its business without regard to sex, race, creed, color, religion, marital status, national origin, citizenship status, age, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, military status, status as a veteran, or any other protected characteristic. GPC's policy is to recruit, hire, train, promote, assign, transfer and terminate employees based on their own ability, achievement, experience and conduct and other legitimate business reasons.
JOB GOAL:
To advance the college’s mission, vision, principles, values and strategic initiatives through continuous improvement decisions.

GENERAL JOB SUMMARY:
Responsibilities include:

programming all types of enterprise-level development projects
frontend and UI / UX development
backend development
API integration
requirements elicitation
technical and system documentation creation
documentation review and design changes
prototype development and demonstrations
unit testing (automated and manual)
system testing assistance
following the change management process
agile development
The Project Team Software Developer must be flexible and open to new ideas, a proponent of the agile iterative development process, team oriented, customer-focused, extremely attentive to details, organized, and should be a self-starter who can work with minimal supervision. The role requires strong verbal and written communication skills with both technical and nontechnical audiences.

UNIVERSAL CORE COMPETENCIES:
Advocate for Continual Improvement- empowering each other to identify opportunities for excellence.
Collaborate with Mutual Accountability- working together with a willingness to take ownership and account for our actions.
Champion Service- anticipating needs and create a welcoming, diverse, and inclusive environment.
Perseverance- commitment to excellence even in the face of adversity or delay in achieving success.
Lead- regardless of title, through positive influence.
DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop and test mobile responsive, 508 compliant, web-based applications
Object-oriented programming
Experience with APIs
Stored procedure creation and database design
Meet with stakeholders and project management team to elicit requirements
Create and execute test cases
Create technical and system documentation (programmatically or manually)
Troubleshoot, debug and problem solve
Perform other related work duties as assigned
PERFORMANCE EXPECTATIONS:
Be able and willing to represent the College in the most positive manner with prospective, former and current students, clients, suppliers and the community we serve
Must possess excellent customer service skills
Must be self-motivated and energetic, with strong computer skills, and proven success working within a team-based environment
Must pay attention to details
Must be able to work independently, accept responsibility with limited supervision, manage multiple tasks to completion, and work with frequent interruptions
Ability to interpret questions, identify problems, propose solutions and process improvements, and read reference manuals.
Understand how to successfully communicate information to both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to make oral presentations and written reports in a concise and effective manner
Must possess excellent planning, organizational, and presentation skills
Seek and participate in development opportunities surpassing required training.
Welcome, value, and nurture people of all backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, as well as support and promote an environment that accepts differences.
The statements herein reflect general details as necessary to describe the essential job duties/responsibilities and performance expectations of the job, which should not be considered an all-inclusive listing of work requirements. Individuals may perform other duties as assigned.
PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES WITH/WITHOUT REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION:
Position involves working in an office setting. Occasional (10-33%) standing, pushing, pulling and grasping. Frequent (34-66%) reaching and viewing a computer and other types of close visual work. Constant (67-100%) sitting, walking, repetitive motion, talking and hearing.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Associate’s Degree in computer science or related field or 3 years of professional object-oriented programming experience
Must possess an understanding of the software development process
Understanding of both Windows and UNIX environments
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS, LICENSES, CERTIFICATIONS, OR REGISTRATIONS :
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or related field
Knowledge of Vue.js and Vuetify (Vue 2 and Vue 3)
Experience programming in C# and .NET
Experience using APIs
Knowledge of database concepts, SQL, and stored procedures (Microsoft SQL Server / SSRS preferred)
Experience with Visual Studio (or an equivalent IDE)
Experience using GitLab (or Subversion or an equivalent version control system)
Experience writing and executing test cases
Experience gathering requirements
Experience using JIRA (or equivalent Agile Project Tracking Software)
Previous experience in Higher Education software development is a plus

EEO AA/STATEMENT:

Kirkwood Community College shall not engage in nor allow unlawful discrimination against any employee or applicant for employment. This includes all employment practices, hiring practices, and unwelcome harassment of applicants or employees based on race, color, national origin, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information or actual or potential parental, family, marital status or veteran status. If you have questions or complaints related to compliance with the policy please contact the Vice President of Human Resources at Kirkwood Community College, 313 Kirkwood Hall, 6301 Kirkwood Blvd., SW, Cedar Rapids, IA 52404, Telephone: 319-398-5572, Email: equity@Kirkwood.edu or the director of the Office for Civil Rights U.S. Department of Education, John C. Kluczynski Federal Building, 230 S. Dearborn Street, 37th Floor, Chicago, IL 60604-7204, Telephone: (312) 730-1560 Facsimile: (312) 730-1576, TDD (800) 877-8339 Email: OCR.Chicago@ed.gov.

Job Posted :August 11th, 2023
Job Location:Harrisburg, PA and various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S.
Job Duration:-
Required Skills:
Work with various technologies such as Java, Oracle, .NET, and SQL Server.
Role Description:
Collabrium Systems, LLC has job openings for Software Developer. Jobs located in Harrisburg, PA and various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. Develop and build user interface for websites, products, and mobile applications. Review and analyze functional requirements and mapping documents. Assist in problem solving and troubleshooting. Work with various technologies such as Java, Oracle, .NET, and SQL Server. Travel/relocate to various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. for long and short term assignments at client sites. Requires Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or related. Will also accept 2 years of experience in the job offered or as a Computer Software Professional in lieu of Bachelor’s degree. Email resume with cover letter to adrecruiting@collabriumsystems.com; Job 22COL13; EOE
Preferred Skills:
:
Principal Software Developer- Remote or Hybrid

Nice to meet you!

We’re the leader in analytics. Through our software and services, we inspire customers around the world to transform data into intelligence - and questions into answers.

We’re also a debt-free multi-billion-dollar organization on our path to IPO-readiness. If you're looking for a dynamic, fulfilling career coupled with flexibility and world-class employee experience, you'll find it here.

About the job
The SAS Interactive Experiences development team within Solutions Factory is looking for a highly experienced Software Developer who can immediately apply their technical skills to build engaging web apps that provide users with a positive and memorable impression of the company brand. The team is unique because developers enjoy an unusual amount of creative input and tech stack freedom over a diverse portfolio of deliverables.

As a Principal Software Developer, you will:
Build high quality, testable and scalable software solutions that satisfy functional requirements
Participate in project scoping and scheduling, progress tracking, and frequent check-ins
Follow a defined software process including unit testing and code reviews
Maintain accountability for the entire product life cycle
Reprioritize and adjust focus as needed to ensure deadlines are satisfied
Ensure all applicable security policies and processes are followed to support the organization’s secure software development goals.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field
12+ years of hands-on software development experience
10+ years of experience of SAS software development lifecycle
4+ years of React and TypeScript experience
Responsive website development proficiency
Expertise with Java, NodeJS, RESTful APIs, SQL
Excellent understanding of container development and deployment in a cloud environment
Working knowledge of CI/CD tools
You’re curious, passionate, authentic and accountable. These are our values and influence everything we do.

World-Class Benefits
Highlights include...
Comprehensive medical, prescription, dental and vision plans with a low annual deductible and copays.
Onsite Health Care Center (HQ) that’s free to employees and covered family members.
Onsite pharmacy (HQ) where a 30-day supply of any generic drug costs $5 or less. Not local? They ship for free.
An industry-leading 401k plan.
Generous time away including vacation time, a variety of paid holidays, and our much-loved U.S. Winter Wellness Break between December 25 and January 1.
Volunteer Time Off, parental leave and unlimited paid sick days.
Generous childcare benefits for all full-time employees.

Diverse and Inclusive
At SAS, it’s not about fitting into our culture – it’s about adding to it. We believe our people make the difference. Our diverse workforce brings together unique talents and inspires teams to create amazing software that reflects the diversity of our users and customers. Our commitment to diversity is a priority to our leadership, all the way up to the top; and it’s essential to who we are. To put it plainly: you are welcome here.

Additional Information:
To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status. SAS is an equal opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Read more: Know Your Rights. Also view the Pay Transparency notice.

Resumes may be considered in the order they are received. SAS employees performing certain job functions may require access to technology or software subject to export or import regulations. To comply with these regulations, SAS may obtain nationality or citizenship information from applicants for employment. SAS collects this information solely for trade law compliance purposes and does not use it to discriminate unfairly in the hiring process.

SAS only sends emails from verified “sas.com” email addresses and never asks for sensitive, personal information or money. If you have any doubts about the authenticity of any type of communication from, or on behalf of SAS, please contact Recruitingsupport@sas.com.
#SAS
Qualification: Any Degree.
Experience: Minimum 2 Years of working experience on PHP.
Required Skills:
PHP, Drupal, Joomla, HTML, CSS, Mysql.

If you would like to be a part of the HJ Software team and looking for that all time Career high, please email your updated resume in Word format to contact@hjsoftware.net .
LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER
At WelbeHealth, it’s our mission to serve our communities’ most vulnerable seniors through shared intention, pioneering spirit, and courage to love. These core values and our participant focus lead the way no matter what.
Under the supervision and general direction of Technology Leadership, this role will be responsible for working with business stakeholders, solution architects, data architects, and the Information Technology and Services (IT&S) Department to identify and define business needs that require developed technology solutions to achieve business outcomes. Working within WelbeHealth architecture standards and design patterns, the Lead Software Engineer is responsible for the development, quality assurance, implementation, and maintenance of solutions components that fulfill prioritized business use cases. This role leverages the agile life cycle for solutions deployment in all projects as well as objectively assessing quality and logistics production readiness. The Lead Software Engineer regularly and directly collaborates with the solutions architecture, security service, application management, infrastructure management, and customer service teams. Collaborates effectively with colleagues and stakeholders to promote WelbeHealth values, team culture, and mission.
Benefits of Working at WelbeHealth Apply your clinical expertise in new ways as we rapidly expand. You will have the opportunity to design the way we work in the context of an encouraging and loving environment where every person feels uniquely cared for.
BENEFITS: Health Coverage on Day 1, Paid Parental Leave, 401K Match.
PERKS: 17 days of paid time off in year one, 12 company holidays & 5 sick days
GROWTH: Career path advancement and leadership opportunities
Essential Job Duties
Adhere to WelbeHealth Agile DevOps processes, tools, and environments for requirements capture, architecture and design, construction, quality assurance, code, and documentation version control, production deployment, troubleshooting, and change management.
Ensures the features provide the security and data integrity required to meet overall department goals toward PCI and HIPAA compliance.
Along with product owners and usability designers, participates in requirements discovery and usability sessions with end users.
Ensures unit testing, functional testing, and automated testing coverage of features prior to launch.
Performs peer coding and design reviews with peer developers.
Develops design patterns and standards.
Re-write and re-engineer custom legacy applications using latest technology stack as directed by architects and technology leaders.
Adept at leveraging new approaches to solutions for system design and functionality.
Creates documentation about both the current state of software as well as historical accounts of the process.
Participates in refactoring or new technology efforts including research and communication of new design patterns for adoption by the team.
Ongoing support, maintenance, and enhancements of solutions including monitoring, performance optimization, and troubleshooting per production DevSecOps procedures.
Perform independent verification and validation of solution components constructed by peers through test case development and test plan execution to ensure production readiness.
Perform deployment logistics and documentation per WelbeHealth DevSecOps procedures.
Work closely with technology and business partners throughout solution development and delivery ensuring proper marketing, testing, implementation, and documentation.
Implement solutions following WelbeHealth best practices such as writing clean, maintainable, and reusable code with good design patterns and good documentation.
Responsible for ensuring all developed solution architecture is consistent with WelbeHealth architecture and applicable regulations, rules, policies, security protocols, and procedures relevant to WelbeHealth operations as defined by the Regulatory and Compliance, Quality Improvement, and Security teams.
Complete all required documentation in a timely and accurate manner.
Protect privacy and maintain the confidentiality of all company procedures and information about team members, participants, and families.
Follow WelbeHealth policies and procedures and participate in any required Quality Improvement activities, staff training, and meetings.
Job Requirements:
Minimum of 10 years of experience in object-oriented software development and maintenance using any programming language like C#, .Net Core, Razor Pages.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with React.js UI.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with structured database technologies like Azure SQL Server, etc.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with REST APIs.
Minimum 2 years’ experience with NoSQL database namely Azure Cosmos DB.
Minimum 2 years’ experience with Azure Cloud.
Minimum 2 years’ of experience in DevSecOps
Understanding of how to implement solutions with multiple data sources.
Experience with Azure API Apps, Azure Logic apps, Azure Functions, and REST services.
Experience writing manual/automated test cases using NUnit.
Understanding of Azure Data Factory is a plus.
Understanding of Release Management principles with experience working in a strongly structured environment of managing release levels and deployments will be highly valuable.
Experience in managing applications on Azure.
Experience in building CI/CD pipelines for large scale application on Azure
Good Understanding about Autoscaling on Azure
Good experience in CI-CD pipeline & tools like Maven, Jenkins etc.
Intimate knowledge of the HITRUST CSF, including experience advising and assessing against all CSF domains for HITRUST readiness and validated assessments.
Experience and knowledge of healthcare operations and business processes.
Working experience in the healthcare industry, including working with the HIPAA Security and Privacy Rules and HITRUST Common Security Framework (CSF). 20230518 Lead Software Engineer.
Salary/Wage base range for this role starts at $130,000.00 -$160,000 Bonus + Equity. WelbeHealth offers competitive total rewards package that includes, 401k match, healthcare coverage and a broad range of other benefits. Actual pay will be adjusted based on experience and other qualifications.
COVID-19 Vaccination Policy
At WelbeHealth, our mission is to unlock the full potential of our vulnerable seniors. In this spirit, please note that we have a vaccination policy for all our employees and proof of vaccination, or a vaccine declination form will be required prior to employment. WelbeHealth maintains required infection control and PPE standards and has requirements relevant to all team members regarding vaccinations.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
At WelbeHealth, we embrace and cherish the diversity of our team members, and we're committed to building a culture of inclusion and belonging. We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer. People seeking employment at WelbeHealth are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member), pregnancy or other status protected by applicable law.
Beware of Scams
Please ensure your application is being submitted through a WelbeHealth sponsored site only. Our emails will come from @welbehealth.com email addresses. You will never be asked to purchase your own employment equipment. You can report suspected scam activity to fraud.report@welbehealth.com
Sentar is dedicated to developing the critical talent that the connected world demands to create solutions to address the convergence of cybersecurity, intelligence, analytics, and systems engineering. We invite you to join the small business team where you can build, innovate, and secure your career.
Sentar is seeking a Software Engineer I in San Diego, CA!
Role Description:
Seeking a skilled software systems engineer for designing, developing, testing, and maintaining software systems including applications, operating systems, network distribution software, and compilers.
Produce clean, and efficient code based on specifications
Troubleshoot issues with software and coding languages such as Java, Python, C++ etc.
Read\modify flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code to represent software system information.
Identify technology limitations and deficiencies in existing systems and associated processes, procedures, and methods.
Documents/submits all configuration items (required deliverables per life cycle phase/event) in a consistent manner in accordance with policy requirements.
Test software systems to evaluate functionality, compatibility, and performance.
Documents and updates functional requirements, develops process flows, maintains related directives and policies and development of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to support the training enterprise.
Deploy software tools, processes, and metrics to monitor, test, and log performance of software systems.
Attends user design and review sessions to provide subject matter expertise on software design and applicable areas.
Maintains design documentation in designated repositories.
Work closely across teams including product managers, software developers and quality assurance engineers.
Utilization of Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA), and J-Link to program processors.
Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Information Systems (MIS) or 4+ years of experience
One or more of the following DoD 8570 Information Assurance Technical (IAT) Level II Baseline Certifications:
Security+
A+
Network+
Linux+
MS certification
Thorough knowledge of standard XML, Python & PIP, Integrated Development Environments (i.e., MCUExpresso, PyCharm, Arduino IDE, Lattice Diamond) Javascript.
Working knowledge of AC/DC electronics.
Knowledgeable of Software Development Kits (SDK).
Proficiency with Windows/Linux operating systems.
Software development experience.
Impact:
Benefits at Sentar:
In addition to a great culture, Sentar offers a comprehensive benefits package to support employees and their families! Group Term Life, Short-Term and Long-Term Disability is provided by Sentar to all qualifying employees. As well as voluntary Medical, Vision, Dental, Life, Critical Illness, Accident, insurance options are provided through our trusted carriers. We provide several options for our employees to choose from; including two different medical plans (Standard PPO/OAP or HDHP) and two different dental plans (Base PPO or Buy-Up PPO). Sentar is also happy to offer a healthy match of employee contributions through our 401(k) plan. Is time-off your thing? Sentar offers a PTO plan that graduates quickly with years of service. Here at Sentar, we know the importance of our employee's mental health and we value their wellbeing, which is why we created our Building a Better YOU program. This program offers educational resources, community building activities, and Journey LIVE, which is a leading preventative mental health service provided through Sentar that gives our employees access to live and on-demand mental health and wellness content. Doing good makes you feel good, which is exactly why we launched our Senter Serves committee! Sentar Serves aims to give back to our community by donating our time and resources to those who need it most. Another way we invest in our people is by offering a robust professional development and education assistance plan to help our employees reach their professional goals. Reach out to your recruiter to learn more!
If you are not ready to apply for this position, submit your resume here to join our talent community. We'll keep you updated occasionally on new job opportunities.
Sentar is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Vets/Persons with Disabilities
Our culture is one of inclusivity and support. Sentar is proudly an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Federal Contractor Employer M/F/Vets/Persons with Disabilities. Follow these links to learn more about your rights: EEO Is the Law Poster; EEO Is Law Supplement; and Pay Transparency.
We want you to build your career at Sentar, so if you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable workplace accommodation applying for a job or at any point in the employment process, contact the Recruiting Manager at 256-430-0860 x 129 or email recruiting@sentar.com. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. Thank you for considering Sentar in your employment search.
Build, Innovate, Secure Your Career at Sentar.
ASR Inc., seeks 1) Software Developers / Analysts for analysis, design, and development of software applications using various software languages and tools, 2) Database Admins for design, development, performance, integrity and security of database applications. If you are interested in the position send us resume in English by email to careers@advancedsystemrepair.com. All applications will be acknowledged and kept strictly confidential.
JavaScript Application Developer
Are you an engaged, disciplined, and dedicated JavaScript Application Developer who is driven by the opportunity to create, improve, and fine-tune human-centered user experiences?

What you will be doing:
As the JavaScript Application Developer, you will play a meaningful role in one of our User Software Application teams that enables users to design, build, operate, manage, and maintain their autonomous systems.
Responsibilities:
Build native-quality software for multi-platform deployment
Develop UI features and components in our JavaScript/TypeScript code base
Build data visualization interfaces and experiences for a cutting-edge physics-based autonomous platform
Build highly functional and interactive tools for integrators & engineers
Build tools for analyzing and exploring large real-time data set

About PassiveLogic
PassiveLogic is disrupting the world of automation with the first generalized platform for autonomy. Our first application for autonomy is buildings — the largest and most complex controlled infrastructure in the economy. Our culture is built on bringing together the most talented engineers, thinkers, and creatives — backed by the world’s leading investors — working collaboratively together to build the future we envision.
PassiveLogic’s infinitely configurable platform enables users to design their own custom autonomous systems. We've reinvented the fundamental principles of automation to replace legacy control logic with real-time control decisions at the edge, reducing the world’s carbon footprint, while paving the way for the future of smart cities. We are looking for team members who have a passion for technology and want to work on real-world solutions to some of the toughest problems.

You must have:
B.S. in Computer Science or related field
3+ years experience in software development
Experience with OO and MVC design patterns
Strong programming skills (e.g. JavaScript, TypeScript, C#, Swift, etc)
Ability to contribute individually, architecturally, and in group/pair programming
Demonstrated capabilities to design and implement modern Web applications
A passion for crafting sophisticated user experiences
A collaborative, interpersonal communication style - you’re an extraordinary teammate!
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of the user experience
Ability to participate in a feedback-based work process to guide improvements and drive growth
You should have:
Passion for developing cutting edge user interfaces and experiences
Strong experience with JavaScript frameworks (e.g. React/Angular/Ember, etc)
Experience with distributed applications
Experience with reactive and data-driven system architectures
Strong interest in data visualization methods
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills
Commitment to keeping up with and implementing the best practices
A meticulous, detail-focused work ethic while keeping the end-goal in mind
An open and flexible mindset, willing to learn and adapt to a dynamic work environment
It’s helpful to have:
Fundamentals of human-computer interaction design
Experience with relational databases, PostgreSQL
Experience with SVG programming (SVG.js, Snap.js, etc)
Experience with 3D programming (Three, etc)
Data synchronization skills e.g. Apollo client,
A background in WASM

Compensation, Perks, & Benefits for the JavaScript Application Developer:
Competitive compensation
Equity share
Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, FSA, HSA, Disability, and Term Life Insurance
Flex PTO
Well-stocked break room snacks and catered lunch Monday through Friday
Free ski passes (We are at the base of Big Cottonwood Canyon)
Free National Park passes
We push our performance personally as well as professionally, and we do respect flexible hours around well-earned powder days

To apply for this JavaScript Application Developer position:
A cover letter telling us why you're the perfect candidate for PassiveLogic
A resume
Extra mile — include a description of a project (of any type) you personally created, devised, built, managed, organized, or designed that was of your own self-initiative
We are looking for practitioners who are passionate about understanding people, committed to lifelong learning, and driven by the love of what they do. We know there are candidates who might not fit everything we’ve described above, or who might have experience and skills we haven’t considered. If that’s you, please apply.

Diversity and Inclusion
Diversity, inclusion, and belonging are woven into our values and everything we do. We welcome all — come as you are and bring your whole self. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity every day by maintaining a safe and inclusive environment for our employees at every stage of their careers.
Legal Notice
Unsolicited resumes sent to PassiveLogic, including unsolicited resumes sent to PassiveLogic business mailing address, email address, or directly to PassiveLogic employees, will be considered PassiveLogic property. PassiveLogic will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume.
Infrapod Technologies is fastly emerging company based in San Jose, California with developers and customers all over the world. Our staff are working to create a next generation software that is dedicated in delivering cost effective and reliable billing solutions.
At Infrapod Technologies you will enjoy a competitive salary, excellent medical insurance and a 401k plan and much more.

JOB TITLE: Software Engineer
JOB DUTIES
Develop backend services using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) concept which consists of development using REST API services.
Develop GUI using React JS component for Walmart.com payments interface which will trigger the backend services.
Create new database schema, triggers and stored procedures for Oracle & MongoDB or elastic search database.

JOB REQUIREMENTS : Required Bachelors or foreign equivalent in CS, CA, CIS, IT, MIS, Engineering (Any), or any related field.
LOCATION OF WORK: San Jose,CA
Please email or mail resumes to HR, Infrapod Technologies Inc.email to info@infrapodtec.com
About Veeco
You probably don’t realize it, but what we do at Veeco touches the lives of every person, every day. It’s a bold statement, but it’s true. From the smartphones in our pockets that access the world’s collective knowledge, to the cloud-based services where all that information lives, to high-speed wireless communication and computing power needed to drive artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, gaming and so much more, our technology is all around us.
We design, develop, manufacture, and service highly complex, cutting-edge machines used by our customers to create the essential devices that drive the digital age, connect the world, and improve the human experience. Along with the world’s leading technology companies, many of which are household names, we help solve their most difficult material science challenges, enabling technologies for a more connected, sustainable, and convenient world.
We’re looking for material difference-makers to join our growing team. Interested? Learn more at www.veeco.com/careers.

Overview:
Veeco delivers leading process equipment solutions that drive tomorrow’s technology breakthroughs today. We help our customers — manufacturers of semiconductor chips, wireless devices, AR/VR technologies and more — to make a more productive, cleaner and sustainable environment, and enable discoveries and products that will change our lives. Veeco is a dynamic, innovative, and high-growth company recognized as the best in the markets we serve. Veeco continues to grow and is looking for a Software Engineer to support our Software Engineering team in our Plainview, NY location. If you have a passion for programming, particularly with tool/motion control, robotics, simulation, this may be the technical team you want to be part of!

Responsibilities:
Write and support C++ and C#/.net software development by making code modifications and debugging a state-of-the-art object-oriented application.
Troubleshoot complex issues on industrial systems by testing in simulation and on real hardware, following through with comprehension defect resolutions.
Work with testers, developers, and operations to help reproduce and solve field and internal issues in the application, network, and environment.
Provide engineering level software support for internal and external customers.
Help implement intuitive user interfaces based on user feedback.
Identify and use other 3rd party software components as appropriate.
Work in an Agile/SCRUM environment using supporting tools.
Must be able to travel 10% domestically and internationally (when feasible).
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline and at least 2 years of relevant experience; or a MS degree without experience.

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Must have good understanding of C++ and C#/.net (VB.Net a plus).
Familiarity with modern software development practices (e.g. version control, issue tracking, code review, agile practices)
Must have hands-on experience working on, and troubleshooting software issues on real hardware systems .
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Strong commitment to quality design and detail oriented.
Experience developing software for Semiconductor manufacturing equipment preferred.


The expected salary range for this position is $96,245.00 - $121,909.70 + bonus + benefits. When determining your pay, we will consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors. If your salary requirements are higher than the advertised range and you remain interested in career opportunities with Veeco, we encourage you to apply or email your resume to recruiting@veeco.com.

Veeco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
Date: Dec 21, 2023
Location: Pocasset, MA, Massachusetts, United States
Company: HII's Mission Technologies division
Requisition Number: 17342
Required Travel: 0 - 10%
Employment Type: Full Time/Salaried/Exempt
Security Clearance: Ability to Obtain
Level of Experience: Mid

This opportunity resides with Unmanned Systems, a business group within HII’s Mission Technologies division. Our Unmanned Systems group creates advanced unmanned maritime solutions for defense, marine research and commercial applications. Serving customers in more than 30 countries, HII provides design, autonomy, manufacturing, testing, operations and sustainment of unmanned systems, including unmanned underwater vehicles (UUVs) and unmanned surface vessels (USVs).

Meet HII’s Mission Technologies Division
Our team of more than 7,000 professionals worldwide delivers all-domain expertise and advanced technologies in service of mission partners across the globe. Mission Technologies is leading the next evolution of national defense – the data evolution - by accelerating a breadth of national security solutions for government and commercial customers. Our capabilities range from C5ISR, AI and Big Data, cyber operations and synthetic training environments to fleet sustainment, environmental remediation and the largest family of unmanned underwater vehicles in every class. Find the role that’s right for you. Apply today. We look forward to meeting you.
Come Join HII! Where Hard Stuff is Done Right!
HII Unmanned Systems (HII UxS) is seeking a skilled full stack software developer to join our User Interface (UI) development team. In this role, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing frontend and backend software for a complex web application. Translating software requirements into working and maintainable solutions within the existing application frameworks. You will be actively engaged in developing the next generation UI for our Unmanned system product portfolio, and in doing so will perform the following duties:


Meeting with the development team to discuss user interface ideas and applications.
Reviewing application requirements and interface designs.
Identifying web-based user interactions.
Developing and implementing highly responsive user interface components using react concepts.
Writing application interface codes using JavaScript following react.js workflows.
Troubleshooting interface software and debugging application codes.
Developing and implementing front-end architecture to support user interface concepts.
Monitoring and improving front-end and back-end performance.
Documenting application changes and developing updates.
What you will be doing...
Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions. Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures software standards are met.
What we are looking for...
5 years relevant experience with Bachelors in related field; 3 years relevant experience with Masters in related field; 0 years experience with PhD or Juris Doctorate in related field; or High School Diploma or equivalent and 9 years relevant experience.
BS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or Robotics Engineering.
Understanding of key UI design principles.
2+ years of experience in full stack development
In-depth knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and front-end languages.
Knowledge of REACT tools including React.js, Webpack, Redux, and Flux.
Strong background in end-to-end UI development including proficiency in common languages such as Java Spring, HTML5, JavaScript, .net, TypeScript, etc. as well as microservices development.
REST API development experience
Relational DB experience
Developing and implementing highly responsive user interface components using react concepts.
Troubleshooting interface software and debugging application codes.
Developing and implementing front-end architecture to support user interface concepts.
Monitoring and improving front-end performance.
Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) along with ability to foster relationship development with sponsors.
Excellent decision-making, problem-solving and analytical skills.
Must be a US Citizen able to obtain and maintain a government clearance #LI-MH1 *TE *EP *MV
Bonus points for...
5+ years of experience in full stack development.
Documenting software design in UML.
Developing and documenting application requirements and interface designs.
Agile development methodology and Atlassian tools (JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence).
Physical Requirements
Adequate visual acuity and manual dexterity for meeting the requirements Software Engineer family.
Why HII
We build the world’s most powerful, survivable naval ships and defense technology solutions that safeguard our seas, sky, land, space and cyber. Our diverse workforce includes skilled tradespeople; artificial intelligence, machine learning (AI/ML) experts; engineers; technologists; scientists; logistics experts; and business administration professionals.

Recognized as one of America’s top large company employers, we are a values and ethics driven organization that puts people’s safety and well-being first. Regardless of your role or where you serve, at HII, you’ll find a supportive and welcoming environment, competitive benefits, and valuable educational and training programs for continual career growth at every stage of your career.

Together we are working to ensure a future where everyone can be free and thrive.
Today’s challenges are bigger than ever, and the nation needs the best of us. It’s why we’re focused on hiring, developing and nurturing our diversity. We believe that diversity among our workforce strengthens the organization, stimulates creativity, promotes the exchange of ideas and enriches the work lives of all our employees.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.

Do You Need Assistance?
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to buildyourcareer@hii-co.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Reasonable accommodations are considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address. Additionally, you may also call 1-844-849-8463 for assistance. Press #3 for HII Technical Solutions.
Software Developer Newark,NJ Developing Banking, healthcare, and treasury applications using Microsoft/Sun/Open source (Drupal) technologies. Redesigns legacy IT systems by evaluating client's existing technologies, and re-architects those systems using rich user interfaces and modern database technology. Develops technical specifications and project plans to ensure development activities proceed in accordance with project deliverables and time-frames. Manages and participates in full life-cycle development processes, including analysis, design, development, installation, implementation, and documentation of applications working on Microsoft's web platform - SharePoint. Designs business process models utilizing Metastorm, an industry accepted business process modeling tool. Utilizes standard report building tools, specifically Actuate Reporting, Business Objects, and WebFocus to design and generate end user reports. Requires a Master's Degree in Electronics Engineering and 1 year of experience. In lieu of, will accept a Bachelor's Degree in Electronics Engineering and 5 years of experience, or any suitable combination of education, training or experience thereof. Experience can be progressive. No less than a Bachelor's Degree and 5 years of experience is acceptable. Software Developer to develop banking/Healthcare/treasury applications using Microsoft/ Sun/Open source (Drupal) technologies to work in Newark, NJ.

Please email your resume to jobs@techicon.com
Location Los Angeles
PHP Developer / Software Engineer – Los Angeles (Los Angeles)
Full time or Contract
We are looking for local candidates within the United States and Canada only. If you possess expert PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS skills, please apply and outline your passion for programming and any samples of your work. The right candidate will have a massive passion for coding and outside of the box thinking. We want coders with vision that have fast problem solving skills and outside of the box thinking process. This person will lead the Technology department and will be responsible for the development and delivery of technical aspects or projects on assigned accounts. An expert understanding of CMS applications and a proactive programming style is a must. A strong understanding of the most current technologies is an advantage. Understanding of SEO style programming also a must.
Who We Are:
Broadwave Studios Interactive is a full-service production company and Ad Agency that specializes in creating online video, broadcast media, and 3D entertainment for small to large companies. We film – edit and are located on Raleigh Studios Lot making professional productions easily accessible.
We are looking for experienced PHP Programmers who are capable of:
SEO-centric web page building
RSS Feeds
XML Data Generation
E Commerce & Email Marketing
WYSWIG content editing
File management for photos, multimedia and pdf files
We want to share our success and growth with a developer that is seriously considering an entrepreneurial future. There is potential for the right candidate for stock options and profit sharing. Base solely on commitment level and work ethic.
What We’re Looking For:
An entrepreneurial and passionate Developer – No time wasters. Wants to be a part of the next big thing. MUST work well in a team environment. Willing to take charge and develop the latest technologies. We are cutting edge and want the same from a Developer/Software Engineer. You have clean coding and organizational skills. You have no problem leading platform development and have confidence to overcome obstacles.
As a PHP Developer/Software Engineer you will possess the following skills:
Assist with implementation of project architecture, standards and processes, under the direction of Senior Technical Lead and Software Project Manager
Research, identify and document client’s technical requirements for estimates
Determine and identify appropriate technologies to be used
Develop and document the system architecture (continuous)
Develop code in keeping with established processes and standards
Debug and unit test modules before deployment to QA environment
Assist deployment staff by providing necessary documentation
Create and maintain project documentation, in accordance with established standard
Reliable and outside of the box thinker
High level of creativity
Advanced knowledge of database driven systems
Innovative and Passionate about programming and creating new web based applications
Advanced knowledge of emerging technologies
MUST have previous experience in building CMS (content management systems) functions or custom applications within CMS systems.
MUST have strong experience in start to finish E Commerce and merchant accounts
Fluent in Javascript, MySQL, PHP, HTML, CSS, AJAX, and object oriented design tools a MUST have
Strong understanding of Linux, Apache Servers – Set up – also set up of Google Applications such as email and maps etc.
Ability to troubleshoot quickly and have a very productive work ethic
Knowledge of database management, web builder software
**Access to own computer for virtual work however this position will be based out of our Los Angeles Location.
Main qualifications for this position:
As a PHP Developer you will possess the following skills:
Knowledgeable and Experience with OOP skills to assist in the development of a website builder – content management system and online community social networking system with blog like features and an image gallery systems.
Strong documentation skills within the coding platform for functions.
Skills required are expert understanding of XHTML/CSS for modifying graphic web templates to be used. LAMP Environments a must.
Javascript and AJAX programming skills are necessary for creating some parts of the user interface system.
Experience with MySQL 5 using InnoDB tables for true relational integrity
Experience with MVC (Model View Controller) OOP programming.
Knowledge of using phpDocumentor style code comments an asset.
Experience with PEAR libraries, including DB DataObjects,HTML5, HTML QuickForm, and HTML Sigma Templates.
Experience with SVN
You will be working with our Chief Software Engineer in the creation of this system and will be assisting in creating modules, templates and user interface design.
Team programming. A strong understanding of system-level security and good programming architecture principles and ‘clean’ coding are essential.
Please include your resume and salary expectations. Also detail in the body of the email on how you can contribute to assist our team and some of your long-term goals. What specific skills, passions and experience you possess that will assist us in our business ventures.
Location is Manhattan Beach office or will consider ‘virtual’ or possibly our new Universal location in Hollywood. (Telecommuting and time-sheets are expected).
If your skills are proven and seek self improvement to test your own boundaries then please apply. Team programming -Strong understanding of system-level security and good architecture principles can clean coding. Must be able to translate into HTML for basic applications.
Please send resume and cover letter detailing your passion for this Industry and recent projects to careers at broadwavestudios.com . We thank all applicants for their interest. Only candidates under consideration will be contacted. Only those eligible to work in the United States will be considered for United States positions.
Responsibilities
Design and create various custom applications in Salesforce.com technology.
Develop Visual force pages and controllers and customize the User Interface as required by the end users.
Develop Apex Triggers, Apex classes, Controllers and schedule Apex jobs.
Design and deploy Custom objects, Custom tabs, Entity-Relationship data model, Validation rules, Workflow Rules, Auto-Response Rules, Page layouts, Components to suit to business requirements of the application.
Work on data mapping and migration of data from legacy systems to Salesforce.com
Develop and configure various Reports, Dashboards and Report Folders for different user profiles based on the requirements of the organization.
Desired Candidate Profile
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer information systems, information technology or a combination of education and experience equating to the U.S. equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects.
Note: Email resumes to 8951 Collin McKinney Pkwy, Unit 1101, McKinney, TX 75070 (or) or e-mail:jobs@palniinc.com
Software Developer, Plainsboro, NJ and other client locations:

Involve in all aspects of SDLC including analysis, design, develop, implement, and maintain applications and systems based on user needs using Amazon Web Services, On-Prem Cloud, Azure, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Docker, Jenkins, VMware Client, Data-Center Virtualization, Virtual Box, KVM, Python, Shell, Ruby, Java, Apache Tomcat, Web Logic, Web Sphere. MS in Comp Sci, MIS, CIS, Engineering (any), or related with two years of experience.

Travel required for other client locations within the U.S.

Mail resumes Smart IMS, Inc, 103 Morgan Lane, Plainsboro, NJ 08536, or email resumes@smartims.com
JoB Title : Software Developer
Location : North Haven, Connecticut
Job Type : Full Time
Reference Code : 22key02


Description
Keyseries, LLC has job openings for Software Developer. Jobs located in North Haven, CT and various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. Develop and build user interface for websites, products, and mobile applications. Review and analyze functional requirements and mapping documents. Assist in problem solving and troubleshooting. Travel/relocate to various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. for long and short term assignments at client sites. Requires Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or related and 2 years of experience in the job offered or as a Computer Software Professional. Will also accept 4 years of experience in the job offered or as a Computer Software Professional in lieu of Bachelor’s degree plus 2 years of experience. Offered salary $ 94,000 P/Y. Email resume with cover letter to hr@keyseries.us; Job 22KEY02; EOE
Requisition ID: 2433
Location: Houston, US, 77056
As ENGIE Resources pursues its vision of Energy Transition, significant changes are required in the way we work and the tools we use. To meet the goals of this transformation, our company needs to implement redesigned systems and processes using the latest in digital technology. As ENGIE Resources pursues its vision of Energy Transition, significant changes are required in the way we work and the tools we use. To meet the goals of this transformation, our company needs to implement redesigned systems and processes using the latest in digital technology.

The Associate Developer position requires an openness to learning new technologies and best practices. The Associate Developer develops, tests, deploys, and supports production issues for ENGIE Resources. The position consists of full-stack development and administration.

Reporting to the Director of Solution Delivery, this position sits in Houston, TX is eligible for a hybrid work schedule.

The safety of our employees is our number one priority. All employees at ENGIE have both a duty and the authority to STOP WORK if unsafe acts are observed

What you’ll do:
Design and develop web and cloud-based applications using the Microsoft .NET framework and Azure platform
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features
Work with Azure services such as Azure App Services, Azure SQL, and Azure Storage
Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Troubleshoot and debug applications
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders to improve the application
Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency
Coordinate with product owners, architects, and system owners in the testing of new features.
Develop assignments that meet both functional and non-functional quality requirements.
Test code via automated unit testing & acceptance testing frameworks.
Break requirements into development tasks, provide estimated hours to develop, communicate impediments, participate in roadmap creation and architectural design.
Pursue training and education to keep skillset in line with industry standards.
Accept and perform code reviews based on defined coding standards and contributes to coding standards.
Occasional administrative and configuration tasks.
Other duties as assigned.

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or MIS curriculum OR a minimum 5 years of IT, IS, Technology experience in lieu of a degree
Experience with C# and the .NET framework
Experience with Azure services such as Azure App Services, Azure SQL, and Azure Storage a plus
Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with Git or other version control systems
Knowledge of common design patterns
Interpersonal skills and a collaborative working style

Additional Information/Conditions:
Must be eligible to work for any U.S. employer without the need for sponsorship now or in the future
Must be willing and able to comply with ENGIE’s policy with respect to COVID vaccination and testing
Must be willing and able to comply with all ENGIE ethics and safety policies
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is not exposed to weather conditions
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate
Ability to meet highest attendance requirements
Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbally
Ability to handle multiple assignments on a timely basis with a high degree of accuracy
Ability to use a company computer, calculator
Work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with the needed assistance to perform the essential functions
Eligible for a hybrid schedule consisting of in-office and work-from-home opportunities

Why ENGIE?

ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon Transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is renewable, efficient, and accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

At ENGIE, our goal is to support, promote, and thrive on diversity, equity, and inclusion. We do so for the benefit of our employees, customers, products and services, and community. ENGIE is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we are firmly committed to creating an equitable and inclusive environment for all employees.

We are committed to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at ENGIE are based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications. ENGIE is committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), gender identity, or gender expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, civil union, or domestic partnership status, military service or veteran status, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, or any other legally protected category (referred to as “protected characteristics”) as defined by applicable federal, state or local law in the locations where we operate.

Salary Range: $75,915 – $126,525 USD, annually
Actual salary offered may vary depending on geography, experience, education, internal pay alignment, or other bona fide factors
In addition to salary, this position is eligible for a competitive bonus / incentive plan
At ENGIE we understand that benefits matter, we offer competitive benefit options including medical, dental and vision coverage, life insurance, employer paid short-term and long-term disability insurance, paid vacation, holidays, sick leave, parental leave, and a 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan option with a company match
More information can be found here: Discover our employee benefits

ENGIE complies with all federal, state, and local minimum wage laws.
Your talent acquisition partner can share more specific information regarding the salary for the position based on the work location.

If you need assistance with this application or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at ENGIENA-ENGIEHR@engie.com. This email address is reserved for individuals with disabilities in need of assistance and is not a means of inquiry regarding positions or application status.
Business Unit: GEMS
Division: GEMS - BP US SUPPLY
Legal Entity: ENGIE North America Inc.
Contract Type: Permanent
Job Type: Full - Time
Professional Experience: Junior (experience < 3 years)
Education Level: Bachelor's Degree

Nearest Major Market: Houston
Calling all innovators – find your future at Fiserv.
We’re Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments, and we move money and information in a way that moves the world. We connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants, and consumers to one another millions of times a day – quickly, reliably, and securely. Any time you swipe your credit card, pay through a mobile app, or withdraw money from the bank, we’re involved. If you want to make an impact on a global scale, come make a difference at Fiserv.
Job Title
Software Developer
Must be legally eligible to work in the United States. Visa Sponsorship will not be provided for this position.
Business Description:
Analyze technical and business procedures, assisting/driving in the development of detailed specifications from which programs will be written. Develop, code, test, debug, maintain, modify, and install computer software. Recommends major changes in procedures and software development activities.
Position Purpose:
Defining, developing, testing, and supporting technical and architectural solutions in complex environments that support Bank Solutions product strategies and address the market needs of Fiserv clients and their customers. This is a full-time position in a highly collaborative environment working with other skilled software professionals to deliver high quality software to help clients improve the way they do business.
Essential Job Responsibilities:
Lead in developing complex applications based upon technical and functional specifications.
Assisting in the development of and adhering to technical and functional standards
Under limited direction, research, define, & complete required additions and changes to financial software products
Under limited direction, analyze technical specifications for creation of new or enhancing existing applications for compatibility with other systems
Participate in strategic planning sessions and technical discussions and demonstrate the ability to assist in translating ideas into technical designs
Technologies and Principles:
Knowledgeable in object-oriented software design patterns, development, data modelling, and SOLID principals
Experience with C#, VB.net, and supported .NET frameworks.
Experience with JavaScript and frameworks including React, AngularJS, or ASP. Net
Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and automated functional testing: X-unit, N-unit, Selenium, Playwright, MS-Test, Test Café, etc.
Knowledge of secure coding practices, tooling and finding remediation.
Experience with source management tools including GIT, TFS, etc.
Ability to resolve architectural problems including scalability, performance, reliability, usability & security
Additional qualifications
Associate degree in computer Programming, or equivalent education in a related discipline with 2+ years’ experience is preferred
Agile methodology, Jira and or confluence
Use of scripting, DevOps practices including CI/CD processes, containerization
Financial industry interest and or experience
#LI-AD1
This role is not eligible to be performed in Colorado, California, New York or Washington.
Please note that salary ranges provided for this role on external job boards are salary estimates made by outside parties and may not be accurate.
Thank you for considering employment with Fiserv. Please:
Apply using your legal name
Complete the step-by-step profile and attach your resume (either is acceptable, both are preferable).
What you should know about us:
Fiserv is a global fintech leader with 40,000-plus (and growing) associates proudly serving clients in more than 100 countries. As a FORTUNE™ 500 company, one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies, and a top scorer on Bloomberg’s Gender-Equality Index, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion:
Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce that reflects our world. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by law.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Warning about fake job posts:
Please be aware of fraudulent job postings that are not affiliated with Fiserv. Fraudulent job postings may be used by cyber criminals to target your personally identifiable information and/or to steal money or financial information.
Any communications from a Fiserv representative will come from a legitimate business email address. We will not hire through text message, social media, or email alone, and any interviews will be conducted in person or through a secure video call. We won’t ask you for sensitive information nor will we ask you to pay anything during the hiring process. We also won’t send you a check to cash on Fiserv’s behalf.
If you see suspicious activity or believe that you have been the victim of a job posting scam, you should report it to your local FBI field office or to the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center.
Description
About Ascendion
Ascendion is a full-service digital engineering solutions company. We make and manage software platforms and products that power growth and deliver captivating experiences to consumers and employees. Our engineering, cloud, data, experience design, and talent solution capabilities accelerate transformation and impact for enterprise clients. Headquartered in New Jersey, our workforce of 6,000+ Ascenders delivers solutions from around the globe. Ascendion is built differently to engineer the next.
Ascendion | Engineering to elevate life
We have a culture built on opportunity, inclusion, and a spirit of partnership. Come, change the world with us:
Build the coolest tech for world’s leading brands
Solve complex problems – and learn new skills
Experience the power of transforming digital engineering for Fortune 500 clients
Master your craft with leading training programs and hands-on experience
Experience a community of change makers!
Join a culture of high-performing innovators with endless ideas and a passion for tech. Our culture is the fabric of our company, and it is what makes us unique and diverse. The way we share ideas, learning, experiences, successes, and joy allows everyone to be their best at Ascendion.
About the Role:
Job Title: Full Stack Developer
Key Responsibilities:
Engineering experience
Strong experience with Java
Front-end experience (Angular experience at some point in career)
Strong SQL experience
Cloud experience
SOAP they used Heavily but they can consider JSON, RESTApis too.
Hands-on experience on OPA. They are going to use OPA with S3.
Exposure to DevOps Skills - specifically deploying to CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins).
Enterprise level experience is MUST.
Location: Raleigh, NC
Salary Range: The salary for this position is between $115,000 – $120,000 annually. Factors which may affect pay within this range may include geography/market, skills, education, experience, and other qualifications of the successful candidate.
Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: [medical insurance] [dental insurance] [vision insurance] [401(k) retirement plan] [long-term disability insurance] [short-term disability insurance] [5 personal days accrued each calendar year. The Paid time off benefits meet the paid sick and safe time laws that pertains to the City/ State] [10-15 days of paid vacation time] [6 paid holidays and 1 floating holiday per calendar year] [Ascendion Learning Management System]
Want to change the world? Let us know.
Tell us about your experiences, education, and ambitions. Bring your knowledge, unique viewpoint, and creativity to the table. Let’s talk!
If interested do share me your resume on deepak.smishra@ascendion.com
Preferred Skills:
Java,OPA,Angular
Job details
Job ID
329254
Job Requirements
Full Stack Developer
Location
Raleigh, North Carolina, US
Recruiter
DEEPAK
Email
deepak.smishra@ascendion.com
?>

Java/J2EE Developer II (Multiple Openings)

Job Duties: Utilize advanced theoretical knowledge of subject matter principles and concepts, as well as experience with Java/J2eE tools and technologies, to design, develop, test and support Java/J2EE applications. Responsibilities include the following:
1. Modify existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance;
2. Develop software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation;
3. Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to aide in the system design and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces;
4. Consult with customers about software system design and maintenance;
5. Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met;
6. Obtain and evaluate information on factors such as reporting formats required, costs, and security needs to determine hardware configuration.
Minimum requirements: Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Applications, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical or Electronics Engineering, or a related field, and 1 year of experience in the job offered or in a related position.
No travel or telecommuting. Position is project-based at various unanticipated work sites within the U.S. and relocation may be required at the end of each long-term project.
Additional Information:
Job Site: 410 Peachtree Pkwy, Suite 4245, Cumming, GA 30041
Travel: No travel or telecommuting. Position is project-based at various unanticipated work sites within the U.S., and relocation may be required at the end of each long-term project.
Mail resumes to: Windsun Technologies Inc., 410 Peachtree Pkwy, Suite 4245, Cumming, GA 30041, Attn.: HR
No phone calls or emails. EOE.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Are you an experienced software engineer with deep experience in building and shipping amazing products? Do you have high standards when it comes to code quality and user experiences? Are you the best developer on your team? Are you ready to work alongside the best engineers in the world for name-brand, industry-leading companies?

Bluelight Consulting is seeking a React developer to join its growing team.

As an engineer at Bluelight Consulting you will help our incredible clients achieve their technical goals in one of two ways: 1) Team Augmentation: You will integrate yourself directly into our client’s team and work alongside their existing engineers on a daily basis. 2) Design & Build: You will work on a Bluelight Consulting development team to build and ship greenfield applications for our clients.
What We Are Looking For
3+ years of professional software development experience. 5+ years preferred but not required.
3+ years of professional experience working with React.
Meaningful experience working on large, complex systems.
A four-year college degree is required.
Ability to take extreme ownership over your work. Every day is a challenge to ensure you are performing to the expectations you and your team have agreed upon, both regarding estimates and the general process.
Ability to identify with Bluelight's clients' goals and dedicate yourself to delivering on the commitments you and your team make to them.
An understanding of best practices and a commitment to following them.
Ability to work through new and difficult issues and contribute to libraries as needed.
Ability to create and maintain continuous integration and delivery of applications.
A positive mindset and can-do attitude.
Forensic attention to detail.
You're passionate about software development... it's not just your career, it's your hobby. You're constantly striving to learn new things and improve. You follow industry news, regularly tinker with new technologies, and read books and blogs to keep your skills current.
Ability to consistently work 40 hours per week.
What You'll Be Doing
Work as part of a small team, which will include other developers, a project manager, a QA professional, and a designer.
Complete two-week sprints, participate in sprint retrospectives, and daily standups.
Assist with building estimates.
Interface with clients via Slack, Zoom, and email.
Track your time throughout the day using Toggl.
Work with modern tools including Jira, Slack, GitHub, Google Docs, etc.
Be part of a community of developers that share knowledge and help each other as problems arise.
Follow Bluelight's detailed development process.
Company Benefits
Competitive salary and bonuses, including performance-based salary increases.
Generous paid-time-off policy
Technology / Office stipend
Health Coverage
Flexible working hours
Work remotely
Continuing education, training, conferences
Company-sponsored coursework, exams, and certifications
Being a software consultant is a fun, challenging, and rewarding career choice for engineers. Your contributions are highly valued by clients, and the work you do often has a direct and significant impact on the client’s business.

You will have the chance to work on a variety of projects for our incredible clients, which will help you quickly improve as a consultant and software engineer. You will get to work with modern languages and frameworks alongside some of the best developers in the world!

So if you have the desire to be a part of an exciting, challenging, rapidly-growing software consultancy, please apply. #LI-Remote
About Us
What do you want to be doing when AI crosses the chasm of singularity?
If your answer is digital transformation problem solving through design
research, design thinking and engineering, we’re already on the same page.
We’re value driven, human-centered, and we prize the people who comprise
our company. Bring your drive, spirit and passion for problem solving,
digital transformation, innovation, HCD, AI and machine learning to
an international team of SMEs, industry recognized scholars, thinkers, doers
and change agents.

Job Description

Seeking a talented, senior level Software Engineer with well rounded Java Development experience. The ideal candidate will have worked on Spark or other big data tools for at least 3 years as this is a role focused on scaling an existing platform.
The right candidate will demonstrate complete understanding of software development life cycle best -practices, methods, and conventions, including but not limited to Test Driven Development, Source Code Management, Continuous Integration, Domain Driven Design, and Dependency Management. They should have extensive experience developing high performance application frameworks from the ground up with an emphasis in high availability and flexibility.

SKILL SET

Minimum of 8 years of working experience as Software Engineer or Architect in financial services.
Comfortable working with large data volumes and be able to demonstrate a firm understanding of logical data structures and analysis techniques
Capable of assisting with the design of solutions and mentoring other developers within the same team
Strong Core Java working experience ·
Experience in Apache Spark or Ignite is a must
Experience in building self-service platform agnostic data access APIs
Service oriented architecture, and data standards like JSON, Avro, Parquet
Agile/Scrum methodology experience is required.
Experience in SCMs like GIT; and tools like JIRA
Strong systems analysis, design and architecture fundamentals, Unit Testing and other SDLC activities
Experience in working on Linux shell scripting
Experience in RDMS and No SQL databases

To apply for the job email your CV to:

careers@kinetixtt.com
We are looking for the next web developer who will be the champion of their own destiny. This person knows HTML5, the latest CSS techniques, PHP, various JS libraries, WordPress, Bootstrap, email marketing, hosting, and domains. This person can prioritize themselves, and take on challenges.
Required Skills:
HTML5 CSS MySQL FTP
Content Management System framework experience using WordPress
Design software, such as Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator) Bonus Skills
Email Resume & Cover Letter to: Herb Gillen
Salary:
Salary is disclosed within the application as an application question.
Position Overview:
Under supervision and general direction of the Manager of Application Services, the Application Administrator I support all aspects of technical application management and functional system administration of assigned applications for centralized, enterprise-level technology service delivery. Helps to ensure the area’s technological level remains up to date, defines and abides standards, implements new procedures and techniques and provides 24x7 availability support. Helps with solutions to problems that may arise in an expeditious, efficient, and timely manner. Responsible for performing job duties in accordance with the mission, vision and values of the University of Central Oklahoma. Perform configuration, administration, and technical support of software application products. Provide functional support to the application owners. Provide troubleshooting assistance on software application related issues. Requires a strong functional understanding of software architecture.
Department Specific Essential Job Functions:
Provides tier 1 and tier 2 functional system administration and user support of the University's systems, and integrated applications to faculty, staff, and students. Communicates and fosters professional relationships with clients (faculty, staff, students, external), committees and departments. Coordinates with other OIT departments for integration and connectivity. Works with system administrators, database administrators, application administrators, software developers, and web administrators in installation/upgrades and maintaining services, as appropriate.
Responsible for configuration and integration of the assigned applications. Defines, documents, communicates, maintains, and follows application and system standards.
Analyzes daily monitoring of system logs directly related to the application. Addresses issues as appropriate and provides status reports to management and/or stakeholders.
Responsible for the provisioning of application access accounts: create, modify, and remove user accounts or permissions as required. Responsible for the administration of the application groups and users for the purpose of identifying and configuring permissions to achieve defined roles and responsibilities.
Responsible for training of technical staff for support purposes, and trains functional users through both formal and informal training programs.
Identifies areas for improvement in internal processes along with possible solutions.
Builds a knowledge base of each client's business, systems, and objectives.
Creates and maintains documentation including institutional workflows, diagrams, operational and support procedures. Publishes client-facing support documents to improve user experience. Ensures systems documentation follows best practices, is up-to-date, accurate, and tested.
Maintain access, security, scalability and usability of assigned application(s).
Researches and communicates new features of assigned application(s) and unused tool functionality to drive the platform expansion and adoption and, where possible, automated approaches.
Interacts with end users, service desk, team members and stakeholders in gathering information to define and document required changes to the environment. Assists IT management in preparing business and use cases.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications Required:
Requires a bachelor's degree in computer science or related field or an equivalent combination of experience and education in application support.
Qualifications Preferred:
Experience administering enterprise applications.
Familiarity with protocols or experience with authentication systems.
Working knowledge of higher education products with an understanding of the role of system integration.
Microsoft Windows Server experience.
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
Must possess strong customer service and interpersonal skills. Strong analytical, organization and collaboration skills. Ability to work well under pressure, handling multiple tasks and balancing multiple objectives, while consistently ensuring the timely completion of priority objectives. Ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical users. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to author procedures, knowledgebase articles and proposals. Adheres to and complies with UCO’s shared values and the Office of Information Technology’s Code of Ethics. This position is on-call 24x7x365 and requires the successful candidate to have high-speed internet access to their residence and maintain a smart phone on which to receive telephone calls, email, and SMS messages from servers and authorized OIT personnel.
Physical Demands:
Reasonable accommodations (in accordance with ADA requirements) may be made, upon request, to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.
Skills: ANSI, Borland C++, Solaris, TCAP, Visual C++, TCAP
Job Description:
Develop ANSI41 HLR software for our client's future 3GHLR/VoIP product. Also debug, test and evaluate the system, Solid communication skills, postgraduate degree, 5+ years' telecom experience. ANSI 41 / TCAP (a MUST), Corba, WAN, Solaris, relational databases, Web server,Borland C++, Visual C++. Other Desired Skills: ANSI, Borland C++, Solaris, TCAP, Visual C++, TCAP, telecom, Minimum Education Required: Bachelor Years of Experience Required: 3-5 Years.
If you are interested in this position email the recruiting@logixinfosys.com with attachments
Overview:
Abile Group has an exciting and challenging opportunity for a Software Developer, Mid on a 10 year contract providing User Facing and Data Center Services supporting an Intelligence Community customer. All the personnel on the team will work together to support innovative design, engineering, procurement, implementation, operations, sustainment and disposal of user facing and data center information technology (IT) services on multiple networks and security domains, at multiple locations worldwide, to support the IC mission.

The right candidate will possess the below skills and qualifications and be ready to handle all responsibilities independently and professionally.
Responsibilities:
Conducts requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the National System of Geospatial-intelligence (NSG), Allied System of Geospatial-intelligence (ASG) and Federal Agencies.
Conducts planning, analysis/traceability of user requirements, architectures traceability, procedures, and problems to automate or improve existing systems and review cloud service capabilities, workflow, and scheduling limitations.
Develops solutions designs based on analysis of requirements and new technology and mentor Junior Engineers in developing these skill sets.
Supports the analyses and allocation of requirements to systems architecture components and executing programs.
Assists the Government in performing systems integration activities.
Assists with Analysis of Alternatives (AoAs), Course of Actions (CoAs), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assists the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management and interface design.
Ability to solve complex problems, lead a team(s) and work independently and proactively under Senior Systems Engineer supervision.
Creates sustainable software applications – work is estimated accurately, branching strategies are efficient, code repos are maintained, etc.
Works as a member of an agile scrum team and participates in regular agile ceremonies applying scrum methodologies – daily stand up, planning, sprint reviews, demos, retrospectives.
Implements requirements from the product backlog
Assists in writing backlog requirements/user stories
Utilizes a modern DevSecOps approach in building software applications
Develops and modifies applications, software, services, utilities, interfaces, and IT systems that support systems and analysts.
Qualifications:
Clearance Required: Active or Reinstateable TS/SCI with CI poly

Degree and Years of Experience: Bachelor's Degree in computer science, computer engineering, systems engineering or any related field/major, or 6 additional years of experience in information technology.
5+ years of experience
Desired Certifications:
Network +, Security +, Oracle or specializing in Software Development, or Cloud Computing.

Required Skills:
Use packages as in BASH, CSS, DOS_BATCH, HTML, Java, JavaScript, PHP, PYTHON, SQL, XML, and Indexing/Search Technologies required.
Familiarity with DevOps development processes and Continuous Integration tools: GitLab, Jenkins, Nexus
Experience working with container images and platforms (Kubernetes/Docker/OpenShift)
Maintain and improve existing build and deployment processes using CI/CD tools
About Abile Group, Inc.:
Abile Group, Inc. was formed in July 2004 to partner with the Intelligence Community and their Contractors in the areas of Enterprise Analytics & Performance Management, IT & Systems Engineering and Program & Project Management. We have significant experience with the Federal Government and are an EDWOSB dedicated to our employees and clients. We are looking for high performing employees who enjoy providing advice and guidance along with solutions development and implementation support, crafted by combining industry best practices with the clients’ subject matter experience and Abile’s breadth of expertise.
EEO Statement:
Abile Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodations should email careers@abilegroup.com with requested details. A member of the HR team will respond to your request within 2 business days.

Please review our current job openings and apply for the positions you believe may be a fit. If you are not an immediate fit, we will also keep your resume in our database for future opportunities.
Role/Title: Web Developer- WordPress
Location: Greater Philadelphia Area
Remote, but monthly meeting onsite.
Salary: up to 100k

Clutch Creative is a rapidly growing staffing agency. We support our clients by identifying unreachable talent that helps their businesses grow.

Our candidates work with us because they know we have the best opportunities available to them and will help them navigate their next career move.

We care, we're honest, and we hustle—that's what makes us Clutch.

Clutch is looking for a Web Developer for a position with a client of ours.

Responsibilities:
Develop pixel-perfect websites using WordPress, PHP, MySql, HTML5/XHTML, XML, AJAX, JavaScript/jQuery, CSS3/Sass.
Understanding of web design, Adobe Creative Suite, and design/development collaboration. Experience in design preferred.
Collaborate with multiple teams on digital projects from concept to completion.
Diagnose and resolve website functionality errors.
Provide technical leadership on web application projects.
Communicate with various teams to ensure all applications adhere to the highest standard of digital best practices.
Conduct Quality Assurance Reviews and document findings.
Requirements:
5+ years of experience in a creative agency environment.
Strong front-end development skills, including basic knowledge and familiarity with HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS3, SASS, PHP, WordPress.
Knowledge of digital best practices and strong UI/digital design skills.
Website quality control testing, browser compatibility testing, and debugging experience.
Understanding of front-end performance analysis and optimization.
Understanding of UX analysis/web reporting and data tracking, with familiarity with Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Data Studio, and Google Search Console.
Knowledge of email marketing, including best practices, familiarity with various e-marketing software solutions, A/B testing, quality control testing, and the capability to develop backward-compatible, responsive email campaigns.
Knowledge of SEO best practices and development considerations.
Familiarity with Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, XD, Sketch, GIT, BitBucket.
Familiarity with server and hosting operations.
Ability to identify improvements within the creative marketing process and capabilities.
Self-driven attention to detail, team-oriented, and collaborative.
High-quality standards and a passion for every project.
2-year college degree; Bachelor’s Degree desirable.
If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply today.

Please read: Contact from Clutch employees will always come from the domain @clutchnow.com ONLY and we will always provide a phone number where you can contact us. Clutch will NEVER present a job offer without a verbal or video interview and we will never ask you to transfer or pay money to get hired. If you are skeptical about any email or job offer, please reach out to us directly.
Status: Now Accepting Applications
Company: Galliano Marine Service
16201 East Main Street
Cut Off, LA 70345
Email: jobs@chouest.com
Interviews will be completed virtually with selected candidates via Google Meet or Zoom.
Responsibilities
The software developer will:
Research, design, implement, and manage software programs.
Test and evaluate new programs.
Identify areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently develop these modifications.
Write and implement efficient code.
Determine operational practicality.
Train and support end users.
Develop quality-assurance procedures.
Deploy software tools, processes, and metrics.
Maintain and upgrade existing systems.
Work closely with other developers, UX designers, businesses, and systems analysts.
Direct and participate in programming activities, monitor and evaluate system performance, and design and implement new programs and features.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or similar field
Technical background with related experience in software development and support
Strong grasp of object-oriented programming and the use of various design patterns
.Net Framework, ASP.net, WCF, and Angular
C#, HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript
Database development and administration experience with MS Sql and T-Sql
Experience with full project lifecycle (requirements gathering, engineering/documentation, development, testing, deployment, and maintenance)
Strong communication skills
Strong problem-solving skills
The Edison Chouest Offshore family of companies is committed to ensuring all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law with regard to any employment practices. We are dedicated to ensuring all employees are treated with the utmost level of respect as we believe this is the strongest foundation to build upon to foster an environment where employees feel comfortable handling their assignments, sharing their ideas, and pointing out opportunities for improvement.
ECO offers competitive pay and a comprehensive benefits package including a 401(k) match.
Job Code: 7300
Job Open Date: 10/10/2022
Application Review Begins: 10/25/2022
Department Code-Name: NCEA
Percentage of Time: 100%
Collective Bargaining Unit (CBU): 99 - Non-Represented (PPSM)
Grade Type/Grade: Grade 22
FLSA Exemption Status: Exempt
Work Location: 1021 Anacapa Street
Pay Rate/Range: Salary offers are determined based on final candidate qualifications and experience; the budget for the position; and application of fair, equitable and consistent pay practices at the University. The full salary range for this position is $74,300 - $134,500 annually. The budgeted salary that the University reasonably expects to pay for this position is $74,300 - $94,140 annually.
Days/Hours: M-F 8am-5pm
Benefits Eligibility: Full benefits

Department Marketing Statement
Established in 1995, the National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis (NCEAS) is a research center of the University of California, Santa Barbara and was the first national synthesis center of its kind. There is broad acknowledgement that NCEAS has significantly altered the way ecological science is conducted, towards being more collaborative, open, integrative, relevant, and technologically informed. Different from the scientific tradition of solitary lab or fieldwork, NCEAS fosters collaborative synthesis research – assembling interdisciplinary teams to distill existing data, ideas, theories, or methods drawn from many sources, across multiple fields of inquiry, to accelerate the generation of new scientific knowledge at a broad scale. NCEAS is located in downtown Santa Barbara in a beautiful city filled with activities - downtown, on the beaches, and in the mountains. NCEAS is committed to improving diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) in science. We value diversity in expertise, backgrounds, needs and experiences, and aim to see diversity reflected among our residents and visitors. We are committed to providing a safe, productive, and welcoming environment for everyone in our community.
Benefits of Belonging
Working at UC means being part of this vibrant institution that shines a light on what is possible. People make UC great, and UC recognizes your contributions by making this a great place to work. Excellent retirement and health are just one of the rewards. Learn more about the benefits of working at UC
Brief Summary of Job Duties
Duties of this research software developer are conducted at the National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis (NCEAS; http://www. nceas.ucsb.edu/ecoinformatics/) at UC Santa Barbara to create a national software infrastructure for management and analysis of ecological and environmental data. Projects focus on novel approaches to sharing data and scientific products to enable open and reproducible science and facilitate synthetic research. Principal duties include: design and development for cloud, web-based, and desktop scientific data management and analysis software; web-design and development for sites and applications, including design of web service programming interfaces; and creation of end-user documentation and training materials. Software development will include data management and analysis systems using technologies such as linked open data, semantic search, and ontology engineering to solve challenging data discovery and integration problems spanning the environmental and earth sciences. In addition to technical design and development, duties also encompass communication and outreach to the international science community to promote the software and systems through writing, speaking, and training at, for example, scientific conferences and open science events. Duties also include technical collaboration on system design and development for specific grant-funded projects, including collaboration with researchers and engineers spanning a diverse set of partner institutions.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in a field of science
1-3 years: Experience with design and development of software programs in one or more programming languages (such as Python and Java);
1-3 years: Experience developing web applications using HTML, CSS, and Javascript, and familiarity with Javascript frameworks;
1-3 years: Experience with releasing and maintaining software using testing frameworks (e.g. Mocha, Selenium), source code control systems (e.g., git, Github), and issue tracking systems.
Special Conditions of Employment
Satisfactory conviction history background check.
UCSB is a Tobacco-Free environment.
Special Instructions
For full consideration, please include a resume and a cover letter as part of your application.
Job Functions/Percentage of Time/Duties
60% Scientific Software Development:
Under general direction, designs, implements, tests, and maintains innovative desktop-based, server-based, and web-based scientific software systems for the management and analysis of ecological and environmental data and metadata. These systems include multiple software tools supporting a global network of data services used daily by many thousands of scientists worldwide.
20% Front End Development:
Under general direction, designs and implements cutting-edge, highly-usable graphical interfaces for new and existing web-based scientific data management applications.
10% Collaboration:
Meets with developers and scientists from collaborating institutions nationally and internationally to design and architect data management systems for scientific data. Travels to other sites as needed to consult with scientists at participating institutions. Travels to science and engineering conferences to represent UCSB by presenting research results to the national science community
10% Writing and Documentation:
Documents software code and systems for use by scientists and other project developers, and assists in the preparation of grant-related reports and publications describing innovative research advances.
Pandemic Statement
The University of California is vigilantly monitoring and acting in accordance with all applicable public health directives related to COVID-19. As a condition of employment, you will be required to comply with the University of California SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) Vaccination Program Policy. All Covered Individuals under the policy must provide proof of Full Vaccination or, if applicable, submit a request for Exception (based on Medical Exemption, Disability, and/or Religious Objection) or Deferral (based on pregnancy) no later than the applicable deadline. New University of California employees must (a) provide proof of receiving at least one dose of a COVID-19 Vaccine no later than 14 calendar days after their first date of employment and provide proof of Full Vaccination no later than eight weeks after their first date of employment; or (b) if applicable, submit a request for Exception or Deferral no later than 14 calendar days after their first date of employment. (Capitalized terms in this paragraph are defined in the policy.) Federal, state, or local public health directives may impose additional requirements.
For more information, please visit:
UC Santa Barbara COVID-19 Information: https://www.ucsb.edu/COVID-19-information
UC SARS-CoV-2 (COVID -19) Vaccination Program Policy: https://policy.ucop.edu/doc/5000695/SARS-CoV-2_Covid-19
Covered Individuals: A Covered Individual includes anyone designated as Personnel, Students, or Trainees under this Policy who physically access a University Facility or Program in connection with their employment, appointment, or education/training. A person accessing a Healthcare Location as a patient, or an art, athletics, entertainment, or other publicly accessible venue at a Location as a member of the public, is not a Covered Individual.
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement
The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Reasonable Accommodations
The University of California endeavors to make https://jobs.ucsb.edu accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact Katherine Abad in Human Resources at 805-893-4664 or email katherine.abad@hr.ucsb.edu. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
Privacy Notification Statement
The State of California Information Practices Act of 1977 (effective July 1978) requires the University to provide the following information to individuals who are asked to supply information about themselves: Application: The principal purpose for requesting information on the Application is for applicant-tracking purposes and to collect applicant contact information. Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Data Form: Information furnished on this form is requested by UCSB's Affirmative Action Office. The University of California, Santa Barbara is a Federal contractor and, therefore, must comply with Affirmative Action regulations issued pursuant to Executive Order 11246, Federal Revised Order No. 4, Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Section 402 of the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974. Furnishing the information on this form is voluntary. There is no penalty for not completing this form. The offices responsible for maintaining the information supplied on this form are the UCSB Human Resources Office and the Affirmative Action Office.

GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) STATEMENT FOR PERSONS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA: As part of our commitment to protecting your privacy, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Privacy Statement ("Privacy Statement") is designed to provide you, as a person in the European Economic Area, with information regarding the types of personal information that the University of California’s Human Resources departments and offices collect about you. The Privacy Statement can be found at: https://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/gdpr.html. Information supplied on this form are the UCSB Human Resources Office and the Affirmative Action Office.
Notice of Availability of the UCSB Annual Security Report
The University is committed to providing a safe and secure campus environment for our students, faculty, staff, and visitors. In accordance with the "Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act" (Clery Act), UCSB publishes an Annual Security Report to provide information regarding campus safety and security policies, crime statistics, and resources to current and prospective students and employees. This report includes statistics for the previous three years concerning crimes reported to Campus Security Authorities (CSAs) that occurred on campus, in certain off-campus buildings or property, and on public property adjacent to and accessible from campus. The report also includes campus policies concerning crime prevention, crime reporting, alcohol and drug use, sexual and interpersonal violence, student discipline, and other matters. To access the Annual Security Report, visit www.police.ucsb.edu/asr. A copy of this report may also be requested by contacting the UCSB Police Department (call 805-893-3446 or visit 574 Public Safety Bldg., Santa Barbara, CA 93106 during business hours). To learn more about the Clery Act and CSA duties and reporting requirements, please visit www.police.ucsb.edu/clery-act
Administrative Services | Information Technology
Position
Application Developer
Job Number: 39317
The Agency You’ll Join
The NYC Mayor's Office administers all city services, public property, most public agencies, and
enforces all city, state, and federal laws within New York City. New York City’s Mayor, Eric Adams is
head of the executive branch of New York City's government. Mayor Adams has served the people of
New York City as an NYPD officer, State Senator, and Brooklyn Borough President. The Adams’
Administration is leading the fight to make New York City’s economy stronger, reduce inequality,
improve public safety, and build a stronger, healthier city that delivers for all New Yorkers. As an
agency, we value fairness, helpfulness, transparency, leadership and build our teams around these
values. For current job opportunities visit our careers page.
The Team You’ll Work With
The Mayor’s Office IT Department is responsible for all aspects of technology for the agency. This
includes end user desktop support, VOIP, network infrastructure, messaging, email, file, web, and
database servers, and server virtualization. MIS collaborates with other city agencies to implement
wireless policy and procedures and develop secure tools/applications for use by multiple agencies. MIS
also partners with other departments in the Mayor’s Office to develop tools and applications that
streamline processes, measure performance/metrics and increase productivity.
The Problems You’ll Solve
Reporting to the Chief Information Officer, the Application Developer is responsible for developing and
implementing phases of the software development life cycle, including conceptual design, software
development, testing, deployment, and post-implementation enhancements of applications of the
Office of the Mayor. Duties include but are not limited to:
Analyze requirements and data access needs and propose screen designs. Deploys the
applications to multiple environments, from development through Quality Assurance, Staging
and Production, and conduct unit and integration testing.


Develop new modules/applications and maintain and enhance existing applications using
Microsoft Power Apps., Dynamics Customer Relationship Management (CRM), C#, ASP.NET,
VB.NET and Java in a Windows and mobile (Android) environment.
Create and maintain technical documentation, business process and data flow diagrams and
user guides.
Investigate and propose solutions to development and design problems.
Create and implement Structured Query Language (SQL) stored procedures.
Translate conceptual user requirements into detailed functional requirements in a clean and
concise manner that are easily comprehensible to developers.
Troubleshoot, Software Debugging and modify existing code in a timely manner to respond to
issues and high priority requests.
Perform intensive user acceptance testing (UAT) on applications prior to launch to identify any
potential gaps in functionality and usability.
Assist with special projects as needed.
About You
• Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field of study is required.
Experience/Skills: experience in designing and developing applications using .NET Framework,
.NET Core, ASP.NET MVC, WEB Forms with C#
o .Net Web Services using Web API, WCF, RESTful JSON.
o Knowledgeable in building Single Page Applications using AngularJS, Angular and
Typescript.
o Unit Testing/Integration Testing. o Experience with UI development using HTML5, CSS3,
Bootstrap, and design apps with responsive CSS.
o Experience using source control repositories like Team Foundation Server, Azure
DevOps, GIT or any similar
o Understand business requirements, propose solutions, and create detailed and technical
functional documents.
o Outstanding organizational, time-management and multi-tasking skills, with the ability
to work independently, as well as within a team environment.
o Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Conceptual Thinking: Able to ideate and think creatively about the future and how to craft
unique event experiences. Must exemplify leadership and willingness to be solution oriented.
Self-motivated to research, learn and apply current technology to solve business challenges.
Salary
The City of New York Office of the Mayor’s compensation package includes a market competitive
salary, equity for all full-time roles and exceptional benefits. Our cash compensation range for this role
is $125,000 to $135,000.


Final offers may vary from the amount listed based on candidate experience and expertise, and other
factors.
Apply Now!
Equal Opportunity | Diversity Equity & Inclusion Statement
The Office of the Mayor is an is an inclusive equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting and
retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and
harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not
limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual
orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy.
The Adams Administration values diversity — in backgrounds and in experiences that is reflective of
the city it serves. Applicants of all backgrounds are strongly encouraged and welcome to apply.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable
accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to access job openings or apply for a job on
this site as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by EEO at
EEO@cityhall.nyc.gov.
New York City Residency Is Required Within 90 Days of Appointment
Job Location:Piscataway, NJ + unanticipated locations throughout the US
Job duration: Permanent position, Full Time, Mon - Fri, 40 hours per week
Number of openings: 4
Job description: Develop backend coding for developing API endpoints in node JS, typescript, javascript, JAVA, JAVA Sprint boot. Develop Web API framework to communicate & retrieve data from SQL server & MongoDB. Design workflow models using camunda modeler. Perform unit testing on API services. Design & update end-to-end automation tests for app using protractor in nodejs. Contribute to design of successful technical/integration architectures for large-scale platforms with a mix of 3rd party vendor, open-source, custom software, including documentation of technical assumptions & decisions. Document web API. Will work in unanticipated work locations throughout the US.

Education and experience required:
Bachelor's degree or its foreign equivalent in CS, IT, CIS, Engg (any), or related field + 12 months experience as API Developer, S/W Engineer/Developer, or related occupation + Will work in unanticipated locations throughout the US.

Mail resume – Attn: Srinivas Bompalli, PROWISE SOLUTIONS INC. 15 CORPORATE PL S, STE 419D PISCATAWAY, NJ 08854 OR Email at hr@prowisesolutions.com

ProWise Solutions, Inc.
15 corporate Place South
Suite 419D Piscataway,
NJ, USA.

R10027373 Senior Developer - Software (Open)
Location:
Lawrenceville, GA - Sever Rd - Cust. installations
How will you CONTRIBUTE and GROW?
This person will be responsible for developing new web and mobile applications, as well as maintaining those that already exist. Responsibilities include defining customer and user requirements, systems analysis, design, build, test and implementation of mission critical systems.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Develops, maintains and supports web & mobile applications.
Develops test cases, conducts testing and documents test results.
Assists with technical design and functional specifications for business applications, identifies user needs, analyzes options and alternatives, and evaluates functionality and integrity of applications.
Assists in the day-to-day maintenance of internal websites. This involves a range of responsibilities such as updating document content, software development and conducting systems administration.
Creates and maintains web pages on both Intranet and Internet sites.
Utilizes various methods and processes to determine requirements and design formal solutions in response to those requirements.
Prepares or assists in the preparation of project plans and resource projections for activities performed within the framework of a given project. This includes defining project scope as well as preparing work plans for the project.
Prepares status reports and attends meetings.
Recommends modifications to applications as appropriate.
Makes presentations or conducts training on new or changed systems.
Researches and tracks technical trends and products in software development.
Other duties may be assigned.
________________________
Are you a MATCH?
Required Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer/Information Science, a numerate discipline.
Required Length & Type of Experience:
4+ years web development experience using ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC (C#).
2+ years Angular development experience
1+ years React Native development experience
Must have strong SQL programming skills including stored procedure development.
Must have a thorough understanding of:
Web development from basic HTML through advanced technologies.
Relational Database Design.
Use of Structured Methodology.
Software development lifecycle.
Programming, including database integration.
Browsers and browser level compatibility issues.
Principles of good web page design.
Design constraints of the web (browser differences, palette issues and file sizes).
Various web technologies in current use.
Source code control – “version control”.
Object Oriented development
Unit Tests, Dependency Injection
Web server technology, security and web statistics software.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Ability to work independently and under pressure to meet deadlines.
Must possess good problem solving skills.
Must be able to interact well with all levels of management.
Must be able to work well as a member of a team.
Excellent communication skills.
Must be able to translate business requirements and design concepts into intuitive web designs and applications.
Ability to explain and discuss complex analysis and programming issues in a manner that can be understood by non-technical persons.
Ability to analyze and define complex program structures.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS: the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
_________________________
Your differences enhance our performance
At Airgas, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace that embraces the diversity of our employees, our customers, patients, community stakeholders and cultures across the world.
We welcome and consider applications from all qualified applicants, regardless of their race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, disability or any other protected characteristic. We strongly believe a diverse organization opens up opportunities for people to express their talent, both individually and collectively and it helps foster our ability to innovate by living our fundamentals, acting for our success and creating an engaging environment in a changing world.
_________________________
Equal Employment Opportunity Information

We are an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic.
Please click
here
to view the EEO Know Your Rights poster and
here
to view the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination poster. Airgas, an Air Liquide Company invites any applicant and/or employee to review the Company’s written Affirmative Action Plan or Policy Statement. This plan or policy statement is available for inspection upon request by contacting Human Resources at 844-myHR4AG (844-694-7424).
Airgas, an Air Liquide Company and its group of companies does not discriminate against qualified applicants with disabilities and is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to the known disabilities of such individuals so as to ensure equal access to benefits and privileges of employment. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact us by phone at 844-myHR4AG (844-694-7424) or by email to
us-accommodationrequest@airgas.com
.
Center 1 (19052), United States of America, McLean, Virginia
Senior Software Engineer, Front End
Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Front End Software Engineers who are passionate about using cutting-edge open source frameworks with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One.
What You’ll Do:
Work with a team of developers with deep experience in distributed microservices and full stack systems
Perform software development on Front End Applications leveraging a test-driven development pattern
Own the technical design and development of cross-functional, multi-platform application systems
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Utilize programming languages like JavaScript (Angular, React, Node), HTML/CSS, TypeScript and Java, open source frameworks, RESTful web services, and work on cross-browser and cross-device development
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
At least 4 years of professional software engineering experience (Internship experience does not apply)
Preferred Qualifications:
5+ years of experience in at least one of the following: JavaScript, React, Angular, Node, TypeScript, or Java
1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Azure, or another cloud service
3+ years of experience in open source frameworks
2+ years of experience in Agile practices
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

Capital One offers a comprehensive, competitive, and inclusive set of health, financial and other benefits that support your total well-being. Learn more at the Capital One Careers website. Eligibility varies based on full or part-time status, exempt or non-exempt status, and management level.
This role is expected to accept applications for a minimum of 5 business days.
No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender reassignment, citizenship, immigration status, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited under applicable federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
Minneapolis, Minnesota
Tech Hiring
3039181
Job Description

Role Purpose
The purpose of this role is to design, test and maintain softwareprograms for operating systems or applications which needs to bedeployed at a client end and ensure its meet 100% quality assuranceparameters

Do

Instrumental in understanding the requirements and design ofthe product/ software
Develop software solutions by studying information needs,studying systems flow, data usage and work processes
Investigating problem areas followed by the software developmentlife cycle
Facilitate root cause analysis of the system issues and problemstatement
Identify ideas to improve system performance and impactavailability
Analyze client requirements and convert requirements to feasibledesign
Collaborate with functional teams or systems analysts who carryout the detailed investigation into software requirements
Conferring with project managers to obtain information onsoftware capabilities
Perform coding and ensure optimal software/ moduledevelopment
Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis,problem definition, requirements, software development and proposedsoftware
Develop and automate processes for software validation by setting up and designing test cases/scenarios/usage cases, andexecuting these cases
Modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware,improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces.
Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation ofnew systems or modifications of an existing system
Ensuring that code is error free or has no bugs and test failure
Preparing reports on programming project specifications,activities and status
Ensure all the codes are raised as per the norm defined forproject / program / account with clear description and replicationpatterns
Compile timely, comprehensive and accurate documentation andreports as requested
Coordinating with the team on daily project status and progressand documenting it
Providing feedback on usability and serviceability, trace theresult to quality risk and report it to concerned stakeholders
Status Reporting and Customer Focus on an ongoing basis withrespect to project and its execution
Capturing all the requirements and clarifications from theclient for better quality work
Taking feedback on the regular basis to ensure smooth and ontime delivery
Participating in continuing education and training to remaincurrent on best practices, learn new programming languages, and betterassist other team members.
Consulting with engineering staff to evaluate software-hardwareinterfaces and develop specifications and performance requirements
Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation,flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code
Documenting very necessary details and reports in a formal wayfor proper understanding of software from client proposal toimplementation
Ensure good quality of interaction with customer w.r.t. e-mailcontent, fault report tracking, voice calls, business etiquette etc
Timely Response to customer requests and no instances ofcomplaints either internally or externally

Stakeholder Interaction

Stakeholder Type

Stakeholder Identification

Purpose of Interaction

Internal

Lead Software Developer and Project Manager

Regular reporting & updates

Software Developers
For work coordination and support in providing testing solutions

External

Clients

Provide apt solutions and support as per the requirement

Display

Lists the competencies required to perform this role effectively:
Functional Competencies/ Skill
Leveraging Technology – Knowledge of current and upcomingtechnology along with expertise in programming (automation, tools andsystems) to build efficiencies and effectiveness in own function/ Clientorganization – Competent
Process Excellence - Ability to follow the standards and norms toproduce consistent results, provide effective control and reduction ofrisk – Expert
Technical knowledge – knowledge of various programminglanguages, tools, quality management standards and processes - Expert

Competency Levels

Foundation

Knowledgeable about the competency requirements. Demonstrates (inparts) frequently with minimal support and guidance.

Competent

Consistently demonstrates the full range of the competencywithout guidance. Extends the competency to difficult and unknownsituations as well.

Expert

Applies the competency in all situations and is serves as a guideto others as well.

Master

Coaches others and builds organizational capability in thecompetency area. Serves as a key resource for that competency and isrecognised within the entire organization.

Behavioral Competencies
Formulation & Prioritization
Innovation
Managing Complexity
Execution Excellence
Passion for Results

Deliver

No.

Performance Parameter

Measure

1.

Continuous Integration, Deployment & Monitoring of Software

100% error free on boarding & implementation, throughput %,Adherence to the schedule/ release plan

2.

Quality & CSAT

On-Time Delivery, Manage software, Troubleshoot queries
Customer experience, completion of assigned certifications for skillupgradation

3.

MIS & Reporting

100% on time MIS & report generation

Generative AI

If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements, or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please email us at helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com. Do not email your resume to this ID as it is not monitored for resumes and career applications.
Any complaints or concerns regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our Ombuds Group at ombuds.person@wipro.com

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Wipro is committed to creating an accessible, supportive, and inclusive workplace. Reasonable accommodation will be provided to all applicants including persons with disabilities, throughout the recruitment and selection process. Accommodations must be communicated in advance of the application, where possible, and will be reviewed on an individual basis. Wipro provides equal opportunities to all and values diversity.
Overview:
HORUS Technology Solutions is seeking to hire a Junior Java Developer. This is an opportunity for a JAVA Developer on a highly visible, fast paced program. This position includes collaboration with both technical and non-technical personnel across all project stakeholders. With this role comes an opportunity to learn new technologies and take a position of visibility at key levels within the government.
Responsibilities:
Support the design and development of web services using JAVA
Support data transfer and integration strategies for existing and new system-to-system interfaces for the application.
Support will include maintenance of several existing system-to-system interfaces with external organizations, develop and prototype new web services and API's using technologies such as JSON, SOAP, XML to facilitate data exchanges.
Develop advanced queries, create data models and views in ORACLE.
Develop testable code using existing service tier components and prescribed coding conventions
Work in a dynamic environment utilizing advanced debugging skills
Demonstrate flexibility and attention to detail, working in a collaborative team environment using emerging technologies and modern software development practices
Under Lead Architect guidance work to define requirements, research candidate technologies, and support development of prototype solutions.
Support development by applying Agile principles, including participating in sprint planning, design sessions, development, testing and deployment
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field or an equivalent amount of work experience
3+ years of professional software engineering and software development experience
Ability to work independently in a team environment
Experience with object-oriented analysis and design patterns/techniques with emphasis on Java/J2EE technology
Experience with Java, J2EE, JSP, JDBC, Hibernate, JMX, JMS, AJAX, JSF
Experience with or knowledge of AWS
Experience with Content Management Systems
Experience using COTS products such as Solr, tomcat, etc. is a plus
Experience designing and developing SOAP and REST based services
Experience being part of Scrum or other Agile development teams
Applied knowledge of architectural patterns such as Microservices, SOA, MVC, etc.
Excellent problem solving and analytical, and technical skills.
Ability to think critically and act expeditiously to evaluate situations, make decisions and solve problems.
Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to work well with a variety of personalities.
Ability to work effectively with dynamic environment with changes in priorities and aggressive deadlines.
Significant knowledge of database structure including, but not limited to, Oracle, Access, and Microsoft Excel.
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint
Strong analytical skills
Highly organized, efficient, and extremely detail-oriented
Ability to prioritize among multiple tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
Ability to work independently and know when to seek assistance
Demonstrated strength in oral and written communication skills, including professional emails
PREFERRED SKILLS
Desired knowledge and experience with data management and business process engineering
Ability to create process maps utilizing Visio or other similar software
JoB Title : Software Developer
Location : North Haven, Connecticut
Job Type : Full Time
Reference Code : 22key02


Description
Keyseries, LLC has job openings for Software Developer. Jobs located in North Haven, CT and various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. Develop and build user interface for websites, products, and mobile applications. Review and analyze functional requirements and mapping documents. Assist in problem solving and troubleshooting. Travel/relocate to various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. for long and short term assignments at client sites. Requires Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or related and 2 years of experience in the job offered or as a Computer Software Professional. Will also accept 4 years of experience in the job offered or as a Computer Software Professional in lieu of Bachelor’s degree plus 2 years of experience. Offered salary $ 94,000 P/Y. Email resume with cover letter to hr@keyseries.us; Job 22KEY02; EOE
January 20, 2023

Remote
Creative Services
Freelance or Contract

Nickerson is a full-service branding, marketing, public relations, and communications agency. With collective expertise in real estate, hospitality, technology, lifestyle, non-profit organizations, and architecture, engineering, and construction, the Nickerson team elevates the experiential journey and serves as a trusted, global partner to elite, forward-thinking brands.

We are looking for a Web Developer to join our growing Creative Services team. He/She/They will be responsible for both front-end and back-end development of WordPress websites and third-party API integrations.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Develop, deploy, and maintain scalable WordPress websites
Integrate WordPress websites with third-party APIs
Maintain a strong understanding of website building platforms: WordPress (required), WooCommerce (as a plus), and Squarespace (as a plus)
Collaborate with CS team members during all phases of website develop to ensure concepts can be implemented
Have a deep understanding for responsive design across desktop, tablet, and mobile views
Understanding of SEO best practices and how to leverage them to enhance website performance
Have a finger on the pulse of web design trends, platform updates and other software related to WordPress
Ability to troubleshoot occasional website issues
Implement development quickly, independently, or collaboratively
Must submit a portfolio with links to live websites for consideration.

Additional Benefits:
Flexible, remote work options
Amazing company culture and team environment with a commitment to fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace
Nickerson is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Desired Skills & Qualifications:
Skilled in developing WordPress websites that are semantic, scalable, and maintainable
2+ years proven work experience as a developer
Proficient understanding of front-end technologies, including PHP, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
Knowledge of the BEM naming convention
Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistency across platforms and browsers
Ability to clearly communicate ideas, concepts, and solutions to team members with varying degrees of technical knowledge
Experience with JavaScript libraries and frameworks
Experience integrating WordPress with third-party APIs
Yardi, RealPage, Enquire, Salesforce, and HubSpot integrations experience is a plus
Experience troubleshooting browser errors and optimizing WordPress websites for performance
Proficient in converting a Figma website designs into maintainable WordPress websites
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite
Proven ability to manage client relationships via CRM
Experience with Harvest or equivalent time tracking software
Experience with Asana or equivalent project management tracking software
Experience engaging with or presenting to clients
Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment under tight deadlines
Experience managing vendors and orders on behalf of clients
Knowledge of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) is a plus
Email marketing, Mailchimp/Constant Contact or Pardot experience is a plus
Member of a marketing/design industry-related club or organization is a plus
2 years+ experience in marketing/design creation, preferably in the real estate, lifestyle, restaurant, and hospitality sectors
High level of attention to detail
Must be organized in a digital workspace and comfortable working remotely
Skills: ANSI, Borland C++, Solaris, TCAP, Visual C++, TCAP
Job Description:
Develop ANSI41 HLR software for our client's future 3GHLR/VoIP product. Also debug, test and evaluate the system, Solid communication skills, postgraduate degree, 5+ years' telecom experience. ANSI 41 / TCAP (a MUST), Corba, WAN, Solaris, relational databases, Web server,Borland C++, Visual C++. Other Desired Skills: ANSI, Borland C++, Solaris, TCAP, Visual C++, TCAP, telecom, Minimum Education Required: Bachelor Years of Experience Required: 3-5 Years.
If you are interested in this position email the recruiting@logixinfosys.com with attachments
Web developers are responsible for day-to-day site design and creation. Webmasters are responsible for the technical aspects of the web site, including performance issues such as speed of access, and for approving site content. They administer the network infrastructure, including servers such as web, file transfer protocol (FTP), news and mail. Web Administrators meet with web developers to create and operate web sites, or to manage projects, such as e-marketing campaigns. They install or configure web servers to ensure that directory structure is well defined, logical, secure, and that files are named properly.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Evaluate user needs to determine technical requirements.
Back up files from web sites to local directories for instant recovery in case of problems.
Work together with management or users to develop e-commerce strategies and to integrate these strategies with web sites.
Converse with network personnel or web site hosting agencies to address hardware or software issues affecting web sites.
Converse with management or development teams to prioritize needs, resolve conflicts, develop content criteria, or choose solutions.
Produce searchable indices for web page content.
Produce web models or prototypes that include physical, interface, logical, or data models.
Plan and apply web site security measures such as firewalls or message encryption.
Plan, create, or maintain web sites, using authoring or scripting languages, content creation tools, management tools, and digital media.
Create and record style guidelines for web site content.
Create databases that support web applications and web sites.
Create or execute procedures for ongoing web site revision.
Create or authenticate test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic external interfaces and address all browser and device types.
Create system interaction or sequence diagrams.
Create web site maps, application models, image templates, or page templates that meet project goals, user needs, or industry standards.
Record technical factors such as server load, bandwidth, database performance, and browser and device types.
Record test plans, testing procedures, or test results.
Create appropriate server directory trees.
Assess code to ensure that it is valid, is properly structured, meets industry standards and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems.
Assess or recommend server hardware or software.
Pinpoint or sustain links to and from other web sites and check links to ensure proper functioning.
Pinpoint problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer problems to appropriate personnel for correction.
Combine technical considerations into web site design plans, such as budgets, equipment, performance requirements, or legal issues including accessibility and privacy.
Connect and construct hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP) servers and associated operating systems.
Scrutinize security system performance logs to identify problems and notify security specialists when problems occur.
Execute or oversee web site updates.
Complete web site tests according to planned schedules, or after any web site or product revisions.
Offer clear, detailed descriptions of web site specifications such as product features, activities, software, communication protocols, programming languages, and operating systems software and hardware.
Endorse and apply performance improvements.
Enroll web sites with search engines to increase web site traffic.
Renew domain name registrations.
Study, document, rate, or select alternatives for web architecture or technologies.
Act on user email inquiries, or set up automated systems to send responses.
Decide on programming languages, design tools, or applications.
Author supporting code for web applications or web sites.
Author, design, or edit web page content, or direct others producing content.
QVine Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer—M/F/D/V

Great company. Great people. Great opportunities.
As a Full Stack Developer at United Rentals, you will enjoy a sense of ownership to fit right into an emerging team at United Rentals - Customer Digital Technology. You will deliver on key strategic objectives at United Rentals and as a member of this team, you will be critical in developing and integrating software systems to render industry leading user experiences across the company website, mobile app and automated notifications. You will have the opportunity to work with world-class vendors and software providers, where technical enthusiasm and creative solutions meet to have tangible impact in the real world.
**This role is based in Kansas City, MO as Hybrid (Tu, W, Th in office; M & W remote)
**This role may be contract-to-hire or direct
If you would enjoy the chance to make your mark with the world’s largest equipment rental provider, consider a future with United Rentals. We'll provide the tools, the technology and the support you need to do the job right. You will also be supported by a strong management team that will help you achieve your goals.
Additional duties include the following:
Collaborate with the product team and other IT groups in an agile framework to analyze requirements, determine scope, estimate tasks, document, develop, test, deploy and maintain solutions
Build a thorough end-to-end understanding of API call chain for company websites and the mobile app
Design algorithms, workflows and data models for backend systems to create new software features
Work with UX designers on new features and enhancements
Deploy, configure and maintain programs and applications from Front-End to Middleware APIs to Back-End systems
Partner with IT Operations/ Infrastructure to architect solutions that are secure, robust and scalable
Perform tests to improve quality of software promoted up through different stages of development and avoid performance issues
Perform root cause analysis across system call chains for issues reported
Research and follow latest security requirements, software trends and perform best-practice research to support team goals
Other duties assigned as needed
Job Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics preferred or equivalent compelling industry experience
7+ years of software development experience
Strong experience in programming concepts and SQL programming (like SQL Server, DB2)
Strong critical thinking skills with in-depth experience in full stack development - PHP, Javascript including frameworks like Vue.js, web service APIs, HTML, CSS
Effectively communicate complex concepts with team members and vendors, both verbal and written
Rapidly absorb complex technical and/or conceptual information
Anticipate issues and provide solutions for complex problems
Balance a self-motivated, independent work ethic with intense cross-functional collaboration needed to drive project success
Hands-on software troubleshooting experience while under pressure
Experience working on a CMS like Drupal is a big plus
Why join us?
We don’t just “talk the talk!” We’re an award-winning company (recently named a Glassdoor Best Place to Work in 2023) that truly cares about our people - That’s why we offer best-in-class benefits and perks that will support you and your family. In addition to our health and financial plans, we also offer:
Paid Parental Leave
United Compassion Fund
Employee Discount Program
Career Development & Promotional Opportunities
Additional Vacation Buy Up Program (US Only)
Early Wage Access through Payactiv (US Hourly Only)
Paid Sick Leave
An inclusive and welcoming culture
Learn more about our full US benefit offerings here.
Mutual respect for the dignity and fundamental rights of all persons defines our culture. United Rentals, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes employment decisions regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or any other status protected by law. If you need a reasonable accommodation at any point of the application process, please email careers@ur.com for assistance.
United Rentals consists of a wide variety of roles with different duties and responsibilities. The actual pay rate offered to candidates varies depending upon a wide range of factors including specific position, education, training, experience, skills, and ability.
Company Description

A best-in-class city that attracts best-in-class talent, Philadelphia is an incredible place to build a career. From our thriving arts scene and rich history to our culture of passion and grit, there are countless reasons to love living and working here. With a workforce of over 30,000 people, and more than 1,000 different job categories, the City of Philadelphia offers boundless opportunities to make an impact.
As an employer, the City of Philadelphia values inclusion, integrity, innovation, empowerment, and hard work above all else. We offer a vibrant work environment, comprehensive health care and benefits, and the experience you need to grow and excel. If you’re interested in working with a passionate team of people who care about the future of Philadelphia, start here.
What We Offer:
Impact - The work you do here matters to millions.
Growth - Philadelphia is growing, why not grow with it?
Diversity & Inclusion - Find a career in a place where everyone belongs
Benefits - We care about your well being
The Office of Innovation & Technology (OIT) is the central IT agency for the City of Philadelphia headed by the Chief Information Officer (CIO). OIT oversees all major information and communications technology initiatives for the City of Philadelphia - increasing the effectiveness of the information technology infrastructure, where the services provided are advanced, optimized, and responsive to the needs of the City of Philadelphia’s businesses, residents, and visitors. OIT responsibilities include: identifying the most effective approach for implementing new information technology directions throughout city government; improving the value of the city’s technology assets and the return on the city’s technology investments; ensuring data security continuity; planning for continuing operations in the event of disruption of information technology or communications services; and supporting accountable, efficient and effective government across every city department, board, commission and agency.

Job Description

Under limited supervision, the developer is responsible for the design, implementation and development of the multi-tiered enterprise applications maintained by the Philadelphia Police Department Geographic Information Systems (GIS) and Business Intelligence Unit. This person helps steer the design and implementation of the overall architecture of the application suite of the unit, which includes off-the-shelf software components, and custom developed applications. This person is also actively involved in the in-house development of software components in support of low-level system administration tasks, middle-tier web service components, and front-end application development for web and mobile environment.

Essential Functions
Responsible for the development and maintenance of PPD’s PoliceGIS System, which includes custom applications as well as the MS-Azure/SQL and ArcGIS Enterprise (portal) applications.
Develop Mobile GIS enabled web applications using newer technologies such as MVC, Bootstrap, Angular 10+ and ESRI framework.
Will help coordinate the implementation of short- and long-term projects, objectives, policies and procedures for the production and maintenance of all enterprise geospatial application development related projects.
Develop software – primarily for the web, but also for data ETL processes and system admin tools
Develop and maintain enterprise web services that support mobile solutions and rich internet applications
Design and edit custom queries, scripts, macros and other methods to meet customer needs.
Proactively identify application inefficiencies and propose solutions.
Identify, create, and maintain development frameworks and code libraries.
Work closely with the team members to develop quality assurance documentation and test plans.
Optimize application delivery and performance, and continuously improve system availability.
Competencies, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Required Skills:
Knowledge of ArcGIS Server product suite (10.0 and up) and strong knowledge of ArcGIS Server client APIs is preferred.
Mobile-optimized web application development experience using JavaScript and libraries like jQuery, the ArcGIS JavaScript API and MV* frameworks.
Familiarity with cloud-hosted enterprise environments (Azure preferred)
Strong programming, using C#, or VB.NET, JavaScript and Python, including working knowledge of design patterns, threading, delegation, and event-handling models.
Experience consuming and creating APIs with RESTful design patterns Strong data modeling skills, and experience with querying relational databases such as SQL Server or Oracle.
Working knowledge of IIS web server administration: application pool tuning, SSL encryption, ASP.NET configuration
Demonstrated experience with programming low-level applications in support of Windows system administration such as windows services, .bat scripting, console projects
Preferred Skills:
ArcGIS Enterprise 10.6 and later
SQL Server 2014 and later
Feature Manipulation Engine (FME)
Windows Server 2008, IIS 7 and above
Andriod APK Framework
Familiarity with Mobile Device Management Systems (WorkspaceOne/Samsung Knox preferred)
Concepts:
Application Architecture
Application Lifecycle Management
Agile Methodologies
RESTful Web Services
Information Architecture
Web standards

Qualifications

4-5 years of related experience – Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred, but not required

Additional Information

Salary Not to Exceed: $90,000
Please submit a resume and cover letter with your application.
Did you know?
We are a Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program qualified employer
25% tuition discount program for City employees (and sometimes spouses and dependents as well) in partnership with area colleges and universities
We offer Comprehensive health coverage for employees and their eligible dependents
Our wellness program offers eligibility into the discounted medical plan
Employees receive paid vacation, sick leave, and holidays
Generous retirement savings options are available
The successful candidate must be a city of Philadelphia resident within six months of hire
The City of Philadelphia is an Equal Opportunity employer and does not permit discrimination based on race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, source of income, familial status, genetic information or domestic or sexual violence victim status. If you believe you were discriminated against, call the Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations at 215-686-4670 or send an email to faqpchr@phila.gov. For more information, go to: Human Relations Website: http://www.phila.gov/humanrelations/Pages/default.aspx
OVERVIEW:
Eqlipse Technologies is currently seeking a Junior Software Engineer for a high priority and highly visible Cyber program. Eqlipse's team seeks problem solvers, innovators, technologists, and operators looking to remain at the forefront of driving meaningful change and make an enduring impact on the national security mission. As a member of the Eqlipse team your work will align the most innovative solutions to evolve and transform how our customers accomplish their most complex challenges.
WHAT YOU WILL DO:
The AMI team designs, develops, and maintains systems of web-based analysis tools. The software suite includes containerized React user interfaces, Java and Go microservices, a custom REST security, and various data stores including MongoDB and an Opensearch cluster. It offers users access to real time alerting, historical querying using smart query builders, as well as document storage and retrieval. This position will utilize the candidate's software engineering experience as a full time frontend developer.

HTML, JavaScript, CSS, React, NPM
WHAT QUALIFICATIONS YOU WILL BRING:
No demonstrated experience is required with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field) or 4 years without the degree.
Nice to Haves:
REST, Git, CI/CD, Maven, Docker, Java, Go
CLEARANCE: TS/SCI with Poly EEO Statement: "Eqlipse is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an email to HR@eqlipsetechnologies.com. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. This option is reserved only for individuals who are requesting a reasonable workplace accommodation. It is not intended for other purposes or inquiries."
The Role: Senior Software Engineer
The Location : Virtual, NY
Grade : 10 (for internal use only)

The Team:
You will be working in the Capptivate Solutions Development Team with a small team globally. The team of around 10 developers work in a cooperative and supportive manner to deliver changes to our regulatory reporting platform. Team members are never stuck – all team members can take part in all aspects of software development.

The Impact:
Would you like to be part of the team that builds next generation real-time financial data products & platform? Join us and contribute significantly to the growth of the firm by:
Delivering new clients onto our GRRS platform
Investigating and solving defects
Working on regulatory changes affecting the platform

Responsibilities:
You will work in an agile development environment, using AWS Cloud and CI/CD methodologies
Remote working as the default
Supportive culture in the team
Follow-the-sun workflow where necessary
Work hours limited to within Eastern Standard Time (EST)

What We’re Looking For: Basic Qualifications:
You will work with tools and technologies that will involve having the following qualities (you don’t need experience with all of these!):
BSc in Computer Science or equivalent degree
Experience in Java / C# / .net core
Experience with cloud framework (AWS is an advantage)
Experience with source/version control (git/Bitbucket preferred)
Experience with CI/CD processes
Clean code and quality oriented
Great communicator and strong interpersonal abilities
3-5 years of relevant experience to hold a senior role

Preferred Qualifications:
Problem solving skills
Technical background/interest in development
Team player
Dependable
Ability to train and mentor

Flexible Working
We are happy to consider requests to work flexibly. For most roles, flexible hours and/or an element of working from home are usually possible. Please talk to us at interview about the type of flexibility you need. We can’t promise to give you exactly what you want, but we do promise not to judge you for asking.

Compensation and Benefits Information:
S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range for this position is $ 70,300 - $139,800. Base salary ranges may vary by geographic location.
In addition to base compensation, this role is eligible for an annual incentive bonus.
This role is eligible to receive additional S&P Global benefits. For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit
https://www.spgbenefitessentials.com/newhires

About S&P Global Market Intelligence:
At S&P Global Market Intelligence, we know that not all information is important—some of it is vital. Accurate, deep and insightful. We integrate financial and industry data, research and news into tools that help track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuation and assess credit risk. Investment professionals, government agencies, corporations and universities globally can gain the intelligence essential to making business and financial decisions with conviction.

-----------------------------------------------------------

Equal Opportunity Employer
S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

US Candidates Only: The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

----------------------------------------------------------- 20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), IFTECH202.1 - Middle Professional Tier I (EEO Job Group), SWP Priority – Ratings - (Strategic Workforce Planning)

Job ID: R32078
Posted On: 2023-12-10
Location: Virtual, New York, United States
Email your resume: career@softsmithinc.com
Please ensure your resume includes geographic preferences (states or areas where you want to work) and skills keywords

Skills:
Must have minimum 5 years of Java development experience
Must have an excellent written and verbal communication skills
Must have experience in developing large highly scalable systems in a rapidly iterating AGILE environment
Must have strong understanding of server performance and scalability for concurrent as well as distributed system
Must have experience in developing device level applications on Android platform
Must have in-depth knowledge of Linux OS. Ability to work
Working on RESTful web services running on Tomcat, JAVA/Tomcat, JSON/XML
Some understanding of SQL Database, Amazon AWS, GIT source control experience, HTML/CSS/JS jquery /bootstrap/ angular.js
Good understanding of server performance and scalability for high concurrency of distributed system
Job Description:
SUMMARY:
The obtainment and maintenance of software applications and data structures under general supervision.
This position requires in-office attendance in one of five locations in the United States, two days per week (Orlando, FL; Minnetonka, MN; Akron, OH; Tampa, FL; Plano, TX). Remote candidates are not being considered.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Formulate and define system scope and objectives through research and fact-finding to develop or modify moderately complex information systems.
Prepare detailed specifications from which programs will be written.
Design, code, test, debug, document and maintain programs.
Other duties as assigned or required.
EXPERTISE:
Experience developing software from design specifications with minimal assistance and able to manage code in a team environment.
Proficient in unit testing and other quality assurance activities. Competent to work on most phases of application systems analysis and programming.
EXPERIENCE: Typically has 2-5 years of relevant experience.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
C#
.NET 4.X
.NET 6 and above
Windows Presentation Foundation
Windows Forms
Windows Services
Web Services (WCF and RESTFUL)
XML and JSON
Visual Studio using either Team Foundation Server or Git
Experience in implementing a Business Rules Engine framework into the Applications using a tool like Biztalk Orchestrator will be a plus
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
Bachelor's or advanced degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related fields; or equivalent work experience.
Communication and Interpersonal Skills:
Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills.
Ability to prioritize and handle multiple projects effectively.
Strong attention to detail and organizational skills.
At a minimum, the ability to work from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday through
Friday.
Consistent attendance is required, which may include attendance at after-hour
Company events.
Ability to accept supervision.
Ability to foster, develop and maintain professional and collaborative working
relationships. Must be able to get along with others (i.e., peers, supervisors,
outside customers, and vendors).
Ability to interact effectively and professionally with all levels of management,
employees and customers by email, phone, video conferences and in person.
Must be a personable, positive, and professional representative of the company.
Ability to work overtime as requested and approved by supervisor.
Perform other duties as assigned by supervisor.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook.
#LI-KT1
#HYBRID
We offer a competitive salary, and an excellent benefit package including health, life, and disability insurance; paid time off; and retirement plans
Note: If you currently are employed by Old Republic Title (or one of its wholly owned affiliated companies) please get in touch with your human resources representative regarding the application process.

Old Republic Title is an Equal Opportunity Employer
The Software Developer is responsible for performing tasks related to the .NET ERP package including project management for SW development projects, documentation, code release, backups, bug testing, troubleshooting user issues, etc. Responsible for the following ERP application development items: configure, analyze, design, develop, and maintain ERP program codes and applications to support business processes and functions.
Works on complex problems in which analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors. Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. May determine methods and procedures on new assignments and may provide guidance to other lower level personnel.
Essential Job Functions
The major tasks and duties of the job include but are not limited to:
Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs and modifies software enhancements and/or modification of computer programs.
May design and develop imaging algorithms for software components, interactive and automated applications and/or test programs.
Uses current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications.
Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance.
Designs/codes applications following specifications using the appropriate tools.
Maintains and modifies existing applications without supervision as well as under direction from senior staff members.
Performs maintenance programming for existing version.
Performs custom programming at customer request.
Assumes responsibility for ongoing data architecture for ERP software.
Uses professional concepts to contribute to ERP software development concepts and principles and to achieve objectives in creative and effective ways.
Demonstrates behavior consistent with ChemGenes’ Core Values.
May perform other duties as assigned.
Core Competencies
At the mid-career level, solidifying the following competencies:
Technical Capacity:
Has solid knowledge of software development processes, policies and practices.
Has the knowledge and tools required to complete the work efficiently and effectively. Grasps aspects of required duties and skills.
Achieves a satisfactory level of technical and professional skill or knowledge in position-related areas;
Keeps current developments and trends in areas of expertise.
Problem Solving/Analysis:
Engages in mutual problem solving by brainstorming alternative positions and approaches and evaluating them openly and fairly.
Uses sound or logical judgment to spot and analyze problems, develop alternative solutions and initiate corrective solutions.
Proactively identifies problems – Anticipates, identifies and clearly defines problems
Identifies multiple solutions to the problem – Identifies, evaluates and weighs alternatives of multiple solutions
Proposes and implements solutions – Works effectively with the organization to resolve issues and proposes
Implements well-conceived, logical solutions in the best interest of the organization.
Communication Skills:
Proactively communicates; informs others of what they need to know. Utilizes oral and written communication to enhance relationships across the organization. Capably articulates thoughts and ideas in speaking and listens carefully to others.
Verbal communication – Clearly communicates ideas, information, proposals, instructions, issues, and questions using appropriate tone and language.
Written communication – Produces clear, concise memos, email, and other correspondence, that conveys all relevant information using appropriate language.
Interpersonal skills:
Style, tone and nonverbal cues
Negotiation
Performance reviews/feedback
Difficult conversations/minimizing conflict
Project Management and Time Management:
Establishing priorities and outlining project goals and outcomes
Planning the project timeline
Effective collaboration
Honesty & Integrity:
Takes personal responsibility for correcting problems or issues.
Holds themselves to the highest ethical standards within the industry
Preparation, Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Bachelor’s degree in related field such as Computer Science or related discipline.
3–5 years of development experience in VB.NET and MySQL.
Strong understanding of database design, MySQL queries and stored procedures.
Experience in systems design and a solid understanding of applications development, database development, application and system testing, and integration methodologies.
Excellent logic, communication and troubleshooting skills.
Flexibility and resourcefulness in design and development are a plus.
Maintains broad knowledge of software development principles and theory.
Computer skills: strong knowledge of Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel.
Must be able to multitask and have good time management skills.
Must be able to work in a team atmosphere and have a positive attitude toward work environment.
Supervisory Responsibility
None
Working Conditions & Physical Demands
The work will be performed at the ChemGenes’ corporate office. This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand as necessary. In order to type and use the telephone: use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools or controls, reach with hands and arms, talk or hear.
Why Choose Royce Geo

We're not your typical government contracting company, nor do we want to be. At Royce Geo, we live for building durable and long-lasting relationships with our clients, providing exceptional service with a CAN'T QUIT / WON'T QUIT attitude. We are creating a culture of winning, optimism, FUN and caring for the person next to you. If you want to work in a real team environment and share the wealth and satisfaction of providing real value to your customer, then this company may be just for you.
Royce Geo prides ourselves in our values-first approach. Our values of Accountability, Attitude, Communication, Innovation, and Leadership are integrated into how we approach problems, guide our interactions with others, and create the framework for our culture. We recognize and reward our team members that champion these attributes.
We offer a competitive benefit package that is designed to attract and retain exceptional talent. We take care of our team members from multiple facets including health, financial and well-being programs:
Robust health plan including medical, dental, and vision
Health Savings Account with company contribution
Annual Paid Time Off and Paid Holidays
Paid Parental Leave
401k with generous company match
Training and Development Opportunities
Award Programs
Variety of Company Sponsored Events

Your Impact
The Full Stack Developer will perform rapid application design, ETL, data analysis, and interpretation. Develops rules and methodologies for data collection and analysis. Develop and maintain a Python-based data warehouse processing system that serves as the backend for a user facing application. Develop and maintain a GUI application using modern REST API and Web frameworks. You will work closely with intelligence analysts, ETL engineers, and customers to incorporate new features and scale the application. Utilize best practices for source control, testing, and deployment of software changes.
We are looking for candidates that are:
High-speed technologists who enjoy a fast paced and highly rewarding work environment
Team-players who enjoy collaboration
Comfortable collaborating closely with Key Customer Stakeholders, Program Managers, and Product Owners
Able to accomplish multiple sophisticated software development tasks with minimal direction
Life-long learners – You remain engaged with the latest technology trends and understand operational challenges to continually evolve the application delivery process and platform components
Self-directed and enjoy autonomy to manage your own schedule and workload
Comfortable working with and recommending various software paradigms and design patterns
Strong communicators with the ability to explain technical concepts to members across the team
Able to maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends
Responsibilities
Lead and participate in the architectural design of features early in the development cycle
Work with Customer Stakeholders, Program Managers, and Product Owners to translate the road map features into management components/tasks, estimate timings, and resources, suggest solutions, and identify possible risk
Conduct peer reviews to improve code quality
Help to follow development testing, exploratory testing, AI testing, and/or test automation
Own your code in production, respond to incidents as they occur, and participate in retros to determine how to be better in the future
Work towards reducing the total number of defects in the module/product to industry standards by catching and fixing issues early in development
Resolve all critical and high-priority security defects in-sprint, or by the guidelines set by the SecOps team
Help build high-performing teams, grow and mentor the technical skills within the team and create development opportunities for them
Required Skills
Active TS/SCI clearance required.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field – Master's degree is a plus!
6+ years of experience as a software engineer
4+ years of experience developing with Python
Robust object-oriented design pattern knowledge and implementation experience using Python
Strong understanding of data modeling techniques
Experience working with large volumes of time series data and building services, APIs, and applications based of it
Experience working with relational/non-relational databases and understanding of storage technologies (like Postgresql MongoDB and BigQuery)
Experience with DevOps tools like Git
Experience with Agile development concepts and related tools
Experience with popular Python modules like Numpy, Pandas
Experience with PyTorch by TensorFlow
Experience with Python web server frameworks like Flask, FastAPI, Pydantic, Gunicorn, Uvicorn
Experience working with Node.js development with libraries like React.js and/or Electron
Experience using content servers such Apache and nginx
Desired Skills (Optional)
Experience with remote procedural call technologies. Eg. gRPC and JSON RPC.
Experience in designing multi-tier application architecture and distributed caching solutions
Experience in Python parallelization/multiprocessing (e.g. Dask) and vectorization
Knowledge of Geospatial data processing- Libraries include GeoPandas, Folium, Shapely, RasterIO, QGIS and ArcPy
Knowledge of Python ML stack modules like Scikit-learn, Keras and Tensorflow
DevOps experience with Google Cloud Platform, Azure and AWS
Able to generate a REST API with a minimal amount of code

Royce Geo. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodations should email recruiting@roycegeo.com with requested details. A member of the HR team will respond to your request within 2 business days.
Please review our current job openings and apply for the positions you believe may be a fit. If you are not an immediate fit, we will also keep your resume in our database for future opportunities.
A successful Developer in the IT Crude and Marine Product Line Team derives personal satisfaction from advancing business objectives, adding value to the company, and providing great service to internal business partners and external customers. This position will be a key contributor within a dynamic, highly motivated team focused on creating, improving, and maintaining the systems critical to the success of ONEOK's Product Quality applications. The Developer will have the opportunity to be a part of the development and maintenance of highly complex systems; providing the best possible service to ONEOK’s customers and workforce, as well as directly impacting the company’s bottom line. The Developer will be independently motivated and deliberately collaborative. In addition, the Developer will have extensive analytical and technical design skills to solve business problems utilizing technology and be willing to continuously learn as needed to solve real-world problems.
Responsibilities
Works independently with limited supervision as well as within an agile team environment to deliver working software.
Proactively participates in business analysis and technical design activities with technical and non-technical stakeholders to resolve issues and ensure solutions are viable and consistent.
Implements requirements by defining and analyzing technical problems; designing and testing standards and solutions.
Tests, maintains, and recommends software improvements to ensure strong functionality and optimization.
Works with team members to conduct root cause analysis of issues, review new and existing code and/or perform unit testing.
Provides comprehensive support to internal customers; achieves resolution to outstanding problems or issues.
Documents specifications, system guidelines, and technical manuals for new and legacy systems.
Performs hands-on code development for complex initiatives, both on a large and medium scale.
Communicates effectively and professionally in all forms of communication with internal and external customers.
Aids in the support of other team members for the team’s goals and objectives. We are one team.
Stays up-to-date with current technologies and technical developments.
Requirements:
Previous working experience in Java development
Knowledge of SQL and experience with ORM frameworks such as Hibernate
Experience using version control systems Git
Basic web server administration experience in Tomcat or JBoss
Strong understanding of Modern Web Application Architectures, Functional and Object-Oriented Programming concepts.
Qualifications Considered a Plus
Hands-on experience in tools including Eclipse, Atlassian Suite, Azure Devops, Postman, Jenkins, Heroku
Experience developing web applications using a web framework such as Spring, Struts, or Apache Tapestry
Experience with AWS Elastic Beanstalk, EKS, or Fargate
Experience utilizing unit testing frameworks such as Junit/JBehave/Serenity
Hands-on experience in technologies including HTML, CSS, ES6, PL/SQL, OIDC 2.0, , XML, API Development, Containers and/or Microservices Architecture.
Experience using jQuery, React/Angular
UX design skills including ability to drive a positive customer experience, convey product ideas, and explain thinking behind designs.
Deep understanding of Object-Oriented Design Patterns, Domain-Driven Design, and Vertical Slice Architecture.
Experience in Relational Database Design & Development in either Oracle or MSSQL.
Understanding of how to apply secure coding principles to mitigate OWASP's Top 10 vulnerabilities.
Demonstrated strong partnering, mentoring, and coaching skills.
Education
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent work experience.
Additional requirements: Regular attendance; the ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing in English with co- workers, supervisors, internal and external customers; the ability to work in stressful conditions; the ability to adapt and respond in changing circumstances; the ability to use a personal computer with the Windows(R) operating system to complete time sheets, send and receive email, and access information posted on the Company's intranet; availability as needed to work on both a scheduled and call-out basis; and the ability to work at the assigned job site. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, skills, or working conditions.
ONEOK is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, religion, creed, national origin, gender identity, disability, military/veteran status, genetic information or any other categories protected by applicable law.
The job description is not intended to be a complete list of all responsibilities, duties or skills required for the job and is subject to review and change at any time, with or without notice, in accordance with the needs of ONEOK.
ONEOK is committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request an accommodation, email HRHub@magellanlp.com or call 918-574-7240 (8:00 am to 5:00 pm Central Time, Monday through Friday).
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
Skills: ANSI, Borland C++, Solaris, TCAP, Visual C++, TCAP
Job Description:
Develop ANSI41 HLR software for our client's future 3GHLR/VoIP product. Also debug, test and evaluate the system, Solid communication skills, postgraduate degree, 5+ years' telecom experience. ANSI 41 / TCAP (a MUST), Corba, WAN, Solaris, relational databases, Web server,Borland C++, Visual C++. Other Desired Skills: ANSI, Borland C++, Solaris, TCAP, Visual C++, TCAP, telecom, Minimum Education Required: Bachelor Years of Experience Required: 3-5 Years.
If you are interested in this position email the recruiting@logixinfosys.com with attachments

Job Title:
Java Developer

Job Location:
937 N Plum Grove Rd Suite C Schaumburg, IL 60173

Job Duties:
Job responsibilities and duties include:
Responsible for application development using Java/J2EE Technologies, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX, Object oriented JavaScript, AWS, SpringBoot, MicroServices, Splunk, Web Services and Cloud Solutions.
Design, develop, document, integrate, test and deliver scripts, code and other services employing agile DevOps project life-cycle methodologies, processes procedures, in AWS cloud environment.
Analyze the new requirements as well as gather and validate technical and functional requirements by engaging with client business stakeholders.
Set and adhere to software coding, best practices and style guides to ensure consistency.
Participate in code reviews using tools like Git, Gitlabs.
Support and troubleshoot problems with existing applications.
Assist developers apply best practices to ensure fully working test, training and production environments using Gitlab-CI, Docker, AWS tools and technologies.
Build a dynamic and productive development organization and continuously improving practices and methodology.
Implement and maintain end-to-end security with AWS and ensure best practices for application security.
Design, build and maintain monitoring and testing infrastructure for our systems.
This position has no direct reports and does not supervise any other personnel.


Minimum requirements:
Bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or any related IT or Engineering field of study, plus at least five (5) years of post-degree, progressively responsible experience in any related position(s).
No Travel; No Telecommuting. Position is project-based on long-term assignments at various unanticipated worksites within the U.S., and relocation may be needed at the end of each long-term project.


Additional Information:
Job Site: 935 N. Plum Grove Road, Suite D, Schaumburg, IL, 60173
Email resumes to: mannan@vertex-consult.com
No travel or telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.
No phone calls.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.
SIG is seeking a .NET Developer to join the Fixed Income Development team. As a member of this team, you will work on the trading desk and will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining a suite of front and back end applications used by traders, operations, accounting and compliance teams for managing bonds, swaps and other fixed income financial products in the prop and brokerage space. This is a great opportunity to work closely with and gain in-depth knowledge of SIG's fixed income trading business.

Design, develop and support service-oriented applications including Winform applications, web applications and web services used primarily by trading and operations desks
Participate in all phases of the software development life cycle including requirements gathering from users (traders, operations, accounting).
Identify ways to provide better support to users and automate tasks to improve business workflows

What we're looking for
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related discipline or its foreign equivalent. Relevant technical experience may substitute for education.
At least 7 years of progressive experience developing software applications. Recent hands-on experience with object-oriented programming is required, preferably C#.
Current or previous experience within Fixed Income is a MUST.
Knowledge of Winforms and ASP.NET is a plus.
Strong relational database knowledge is required, preferably with Oracle and/or SQL server.
Experience with distributed systems, largely backend focused.
Strong verbal communication skills with an ability to deal with technical and business staff while working on a trading desk is required.
Eagerness to learn about the business as well as technology.
Ability to meet deadlines and work well under pressure in a fast-paced team environment is required.
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work well both independently and in a team environment are necessary.
Willingness and ability to work in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle

About SIG
SIG is a global quantitative trading firm founded by a group of friends who share a passion for game theory and probabilistic thinking. We have incorporated this approach into our culture, where you will find relentless problem solvers within each of our core disciplines: Trading, Technology, and Quantitative Research. From offices around the world, our employees collaborate to make optimal decisions and are driven by the desire to achieve winning results together.

What we do
We are experts in trading essentially all listed financial products and asset classes, with a focus on derivatives trading. Through market making and market taking, we handle millions of trading transactions around the world every day, providing liquidity and ensuring competitive prices for buyers and sellers. While our presence in the market is broad, our trading desks are highly specialized, allowing for a deep understanding of unique drivers of each asset class.

SIG is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at SIG via-email, the Internet or directly without a valid written search agreement will be deemed the sole property of SIG, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by SIG.
CAREER DESCRIPTION
Healthcare Application Developer
(IT Application Developer II)

In addition to performance-based merit increases, this position is scheduled to receive salary range increases on the following dates:
Effective June 28, 2024 – 4.25% increase
Effective June 27, 2025 – 4.00% increase
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
This recruitment is being held to establish an Open Eligible List to fill current and future IT Application Developer II positions in the Health Care Agency. This recruitment may also be used to fill positions in similar and/or lower-level classifications throughout the County of Orange.

DEADLINE TO APPLY
This recruitment will remain open on a continuous basis for a minimum of five business days until the needs of the County are met. Qualified candidates are encouraged to apply immediately, as the deadline to apply for the first round of consideration will be on Wednesday, September 7, 2022, at 11:59 p.m. (PST). Applications received after that date will be processed in the next round.

HEALTH CARE AGENCY
The County of Orange , Health Care Agency (HCA) is a dynamic organization dedicated to creating and supporting an environment that promotes the achievement of optimal individual, family and community health. Under the leadership of the Agency Director, a dynamic executive team with an organizational structure comprised of five (5) service areas - Strategy and Special Projects, Mental Health and Recovery Services, Correctional Health Services, Medical Health Services and Public Health Services - is committed to meeting the health needs of the diverse Orange County community.
THE OPPORTUNITY
The HCA Information Technology Division is seeking a highly qualified candidate to fill the position of Healthcare Application Developer (IT Application Developer II).

This position will be responsible for but not limited to the following duties:
Manage large scale projects related to the Electronic Health Record (EHR) systems
Provide resolutions for production issues by performing analysis and leading communications with all Cerner IT application Subject Matter Experts (SME) and relevant HCA departments
Act as the IRIS technical lead in maintaining current functionality when Cerner modifies existing data tables/structures
Provide high level technical support and leadership to the IT team as well as to the program liaison teams
Perform testing of new applications as they are being developed and conduct Level 2 testing after new code has been loaded or after down time situations
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS & CORE COMPETENCIES
The ideal candidate will possess experience using Cerner or a similar EHR system and three (3) years of experience in SQL and Visual Basic software development and technology project management, preferably within a healthcare environment. A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or in a closely related area is highly preferred.

The ideal candidate will also possess extensive experience and/or knowledge in the following competencies:

Technical Knowledge l Experience
Modify and maintain system foundational database code sets for all Cerner and/or similar applications such as Meditech or Epic
Demonstrate proficiency with Cerner Command Language and/or SQL for creating reports and data extracts for reporting to the various state entities
Maintain and modify business rules and logic in compliance with all relevant regulations and guidelines
Write in Visual Basic or in a similar language
Code conditional statements
Design custom reports/queries to validate major IRIS software upgrades, testing and system validation
Project Management | Leadership
Serve as a project lead who has worked with minimal direction to strategically address business needs
Plan, organize, prioritize, and process work to ensure that deadlines are met
Serve as a quality control checkpoint and establish methodology to validate data, accuracy and trends
Understand project management principles and techniques with some experience managing medium to large projects
Break down projects into individual tasks, assign tasks to team members and frequently communicate with team on progress
Conduct risk assessment, manage milestones, identify and ensure sufficient resources to complete project
Problem Solving | Analysis
Identify and resolve challenging technical issues and problems through good judgment and decision making
Analyze problems and propose solutions while dealing with changing priorities
Identify opportunities for continued system improvements
Perform complex professional/technical research and analysis to propose IT solutions for business problems
Oral and Written Communication Skills
Coordinate and communicate between all IT analysts on department and/or County IT projects
Develop and deliver effective written and verbal communication with stakeholders
Create rapport and negotiate with vendors/department staff to correct or mitigate performance issues or conflicts
Communicate/present technical information/materials to a wide variety of users of varying levels of expertise
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Please click here to view the minimum qualifications for the IT Applications Developer II classification as well as the physical & mental requirements and the environmental conditions.

RECRUITMENT PROCESS
Human Resource Services (HRS) will screen all application materials to identify qualified applicants. After screening, qualified applicants will be referred to the next step and notified of all further procedures applicable to their status in the competition.

Veterans Employment Preference Policy (VEPP)
The County is committed to providing a mechanism to give preferential consideration in the employment process to veterans and their eligible spouses and will provide eligible participants the opportunity to receive interviews in the selection process for employment and paid internship openings. Please click here to review the policy.

Application Screening (Refer/Non-Refer)
Applications and supplemental responses will be screened for qualifications that are highly desirable and most needed to successfully perform the duties of this job. Only those candidates that meet the qualifications as listed in the job bulletin will be referred to the next step.

Structured Oral Interview Panel Assessment (Weighted 100%)
Applicants will be interviewed and rated by an oral interview panel of job knowledge experts. Each applicant's rating will be based on responses to a series of structured questions designed to elicit the applicant's qualifications for the job.

Based on the Department's needs, the selection procedures listed above may be modified. Candidates will be notified of any changes in the selection procedures

Eligible List
Once the assessment has been completed, HRS will establish an eligible list of candidates. Candidates placed on the eligible list may be referred to a selection interview to be considered for present and future vacancies.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Please see below for important information regarding COVID 19 related requirements.

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and laws, regulations, and policies regarding COVID-19 are subject to change. The County of Orange is required to comply with all applicable State or County Public Health Orders, some of which require vaccination or testing as follows:

Workers, who provide services in certain Medical or High-Risk Settings, will be required to provide proof of full vaccination from COVID-19 or to wear a mask and undergo weekly COVID-19 testing.
Workers, who provide services in certain Health Care Facilities or in a correctional facility or detention center where health care is provided, will be required to provide proof that they are fully vaccinated and boosted. (Workers may be exempt from this requirement based on religious beliefs or a qualifying medical reason; however, if exempted, they will be required to wear a mask and undergo weekly COVID-19 testing.)
The position for which you are applying may be required to adhere to any applicable State or County Public Health Orders. You will receive notification of any requirement as it applies to a position.

EMAIL NOTIFICATION:
Email is the primary form of notification during the recruitment process. Please ensure your correct email address is included in our application and use only one email account.

NOTE: User accounts are established for one person only and should not be shared with another person. Multiple applications with multiple users may jeopardize your status in the recruitment process for any positions for which you apply.

Candidates will be notified regarding their status as the recruitment proceeds via email through the GovernmentJobs.com site. Please check your email folders, including spam/junk folders, and/or accept emails ending with "governmentjobs.com" and "ocgov.com." If your email address should change, please update your profile at www.governmentjobs.com.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS:

Click here for additional Frequently Asked Questions.

For specific information pertaining to this recruitment, please contact Mariah Cuellar at (714) 834-3179 or mcuellar@ochca.com

EEO INFORMATION


Orange County, as an equal employment opportunity employer, encourages applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply.

Non-Management Benefits
In addition to the County's standard suite of benefits, such as a variety of health plan options, annual leave and paid holidays-we also offer an excellent array of benefits such as a Health Care Reimbursement Account, 457 Defined Contribution Plan and Annual Education and Professional Reimbursement. Employees are provided a Retirement Plan through the Orange County Employees Retirement System (OCERS).

Please go to the following link to find out more about Defined Benefit Pensions and OCERS Plan Types/Benefits.
http://www.ocers.org/active-member-information

Click here for information about benefits offered to County of Orange employees.
Play a pivotal role in designing and implementing the next generation of uParts as it continues to grow and evolve. Be part of an exciting, dynamic environment, engineering software solutions for all aspects of the company.
We work hard to create the best possible environment for our software development team. We purposely work in small, focused and fast-paced teams in order to foster an environment where our developers can feel free to learn and grow, and we outfit each developer with large LCD monitors, a new MacBook Air or MacBook Pro, and all the free soda, development tools and books they can handle. Come join us and work on projects where you can feel free to explore and take advantage of the latest and greatest technologies.
Responsibilities
Work directly with the CTO and Product Teams to design and implement new features and functionalities to the existing product
Be responsible for larger projects, building out new applications and platforms as the company grows and expands
Perform development work both independently as well as in small development teams
Execute the technical design, development, testing and deployment of new features and functionality
Job Requirements
2+ years of proven software development, on shipped products and/or launched web applications
Experience with Object Oriented design principles and programming methodologies is a must
2+ of PHP and at least 1 year of .NET/J2EE/Ruby/Python/C++ experience
2+ years of MySQL experience
Passion for usability and user-focused design
Experience with JavaScript and AJAX (XHR) a plus
Experience with LAMP-stack administration a plus
Experience with GIT or a distributed source control management system a plus
Experience with any Object Oriented framework (Qcodo, Rails, Zend Framework, Struts, Hibernate, etc.) a big plus
Experience with the Qcodo Development Framework an even bigger plus
Must be a local candidate or must be willing to relocate to the Los Angeles / Orange County Area (relocation reimbursements may be considered, but only for exceptionally qualified applicants)
Compensation
Compensation is based on a competitive market-rate salary with generous bonuses, stock options, and full benefits (PTO, medical, dental, etc.).

Please email jobs@uparts.com with your resume, some coding samples and a list of some projects, products or applications that you have worked on and are most proud of. Please include your specific roles and responsibilities for each one that you list.
If your application is selected, you will go thru an initial phone screening and then be asked to perform a basic coding exercise (likely 1 or 2 hours) which can be done on your own time. Then the final step would be an in-person interview at our office in Torrance.
Web developers are responsible for day-to-day site design and creation. Webmasters are responsible for the technical aspects of the web site, including performance issues such as speed of access, and for approving site content. They administer the network infrastructure, including servers such as web, file transfer protocol (FTP), news and mail. Web Administrators meet with web developers to create and operate web sites, or to manage projects, such as e-marketing campaigns. They install or configure web servers to ensure that directory structure is well defined, logical, secure, and that files are named properly.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Evaluate user needs to determine technical requirements.
Back up files from web sites to local directories for instant recovery in case of problems.
Work together with management or users to develop e-commerce strategies and to integrate these strategies with web sites.
Converse with network personnel or web site hosting agencies to address hardware or software issues affecting web sites.
Converse with management or development teams to prioritize needs, resolve conflicts, develop content criteria, or choose solutions.
Produce searchable indices for web page content.
Produce web models or prototypes that include physical, interface, logical, or data models.
Plan and apply web site security measures such as firewalls or message encryption.
Plan, create, or maintain web sites, using authoring or scripting languages, content creation tools, management tools, and digital media.
Create and record style guidelines for web site content.
Create databases that support web applications and web sites.
Create or execute procedures for ongoing web site revision.
Create or authenticate test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic external interfaces and address all browser and device types.
Create system interaction or sequence diagrams.
Create web site maps, application models, image templates, or page templates that meet project goals, user needs, or industry standards.
Record technical factors such as server load, bandwidth, database performance, and browser and device types.
Record test plans, testing procedures, or test results.
Create appropriate server directory trees.
Assess code to ensure that it is valid, is properly structured, meets industry standards and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems.
Assess or recommend server hardware or software.
Pinpoint or sustain links to and from other web sites and check links to ensure proper functioning.
Pinpoint problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer problems to appropriate personnel for correction.
Combine technical considerations into web site design plans, such as budgets, equipment, performance requirements, or legal issues including accessibility and privacy.
Connect and construct hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP) servers and associated operating systems.
Scrutinize security system performance logs to identify problems and notify security specialists when problems occur.
Execute or oversee web site updates.
Complete web site tests according to planned schedules, or after any web site or product revisions.
Offer clear, detailed descriptions of web site specifications such as product features, activities, software, communication protocols, programming languages, and operating systems software and hardware.
Endorse and apply performance improvements.
Enroll web sites with search engines to increase web site traffic.
Renew domain name registrations.
Study, document, rate, or select alternatives for web architecture or technologies.
Act on user email inquiries, or set up automated systems to send responses.
Decide on programming languages, design tools, or applications.
Author supporting code for web applications or web sites.
Author, design, or edit web page content, or direct others producing content.
QVine Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer—M/F/D/V
Description
About Ascendion
Ascendion is a full-service digital engineering solutions company. We make and manage software platforms and products that power growth and deliver captivating experiences to consumers and employees. Our engineering, cloud, data, experience design, and talent solution capabilities accelerate transformation and impact for enterprise clients. Headquartered in New Jersey, our workforce of 6,000+ Ascenders delivers solutions from around the globe. Ascendion is built differently to engineer the next.

Ascendion | Engineering to elevate life

We have a culture built on opportunity, inclusion, and a spirit of partnership. Come, change the world with us:
Build the coolest tech for world’s leading brands
Solve complex problems – and learn new skills
Experience the power of transforming digital engineering for Fortune 500 clients
Master your craft with leading training programs and hands-on experience

Experience a community of change makers!
Join a culture of high-performing innovators with endless ideas and a passion for tech. Our culture is the fabric of our company, and it is what makes us unique and diverse. The way we share ideas, learning, experiences, successes, and joy allows everyone to be their best at Ascendion.

About the Role:

Job Title: AWS Fullstack Java Developer

Day to Day:
Ascendion is looking for an AWS Full Stack Developer that will be engaged in various initiatives, ranging from legacy system modernization, migrating into AWS cloud, building out new functionalities within AWS, and/or assisting in the introduction of a new platform.
Must Haves:
4-6 years Software Engineering experience
Back-end Java experience
Front-end experience; either React or Angular
Microservices experience
SpringBoot experience
Strong communication and teamwork skills.
Location: Remote

Salary Range: The salary for this position is between $90,000 – $100000 annually. Factors which may affect pay within this range may include geography/market, skills, education, experience, and other qualifications of the successful candidate.

Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: [medical insurance] [dental insurance] [vision insurance] [401(k) retirement plan] [long-term disability insurance] [short-term disability insurance] [5 personal days accrued each calendar year. The Paid time off benefits meet the paid sick and safe time laws that pertains to the City/ State] [10-15 days of paid vacation time] [6 paid holidays and 1 floating holiday per calendar year] [Ascendion Learning Management System]

Want to change the world? Let us know.
Tell us about your experiences, education, and ambitions. Bring your knowledge, unique viewpoint, and creativity to the table. Let’s talk!
Preferred Skills:
microdevelopment, micro apps,React,Typescript, Javascript,angular ,springboot,microservices ,AWS,Java, angular
Job details
Job ID
324252
Job Requirements
Full Stack Engineer
Location
tampa, Florida, US
Recruiter
Johnson
Email
johnson@ascendion.com
Phone
7048300514
?>
Calling all innovators – find your future at Fiserv.
We’re Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments, and we move money and information in a way that moves the world. We connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants, and consumers to one another millions of times a day – quickly, reliably, and securely. Any time you swipe your credit card, pay through a mobile app, or withdraw money from the bank, we’re involved. If you want to make an impact on a global scale, come make a difference at Fiserv.
Job Title
Senior Software Developer
What does a successful Senior Software Developer do at Fiserv?
As a member of our Data Commerce Solutions group, you will build and take ownership of the design and development of data engineering projects within Fiserv’s Enterprise Data Commerce Solutions division. You will apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the data engineering lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders daily to stay focused on common goals.
You will be part of large-scale data engineering, integration and warehousing projects, build custom integrations between cloud-based systems using APIs and write complex and efficient queries to transform raw data sources into easily accessible models by using the Data integration tool with coding across several languages such as Java, Python, and SQL. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to Architect, build, and launch new data models that provide intuitive analytics to the team and Build data expertise and own data quality for the pipelines you create.
What you will do:
Design, develop, and maintain Java-based applications and software solutions.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and define software requirements.
Hands-on development of software projects, ensuring timely delivery and high-quality code.
Conduct code reviews, provide feedback to team members, and mentor junior developers.
Troubleshoot and resolve software defects and issues reported by clients or QA teams.
Collaborate with architects and stakeholders to define and refine software architecture and design.
Stay up to date with the latest industry trends and technologies to drive innovation within the team.
Contribute to the development of best practices and coding standards.
Document software designs, APIs, and user guides.
Ensure the security, scalability, and maintainability of software solutions.
Collaborate with QA teams to ensure thorough testing and validation of software.

What you will need to have:
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, Software Engineering, or a related field. An advanced degree is preferred.
Proven experience (minimum 4+ years) in a senior developer role within software development or software engineering.
Exceptional problem-solving and decision-making abilities, with a keen attention to detail and a focus on delivering high-quality products.
Proven track record of building and managing high-performing software development projects.
A passion for innovation, technology, and keeping abreast of the latest developments in the software industry.
Hands-on experience in production rollout and infrastructure configuration
Demonstrable experience of successfully delivering big data projects using Kafka, Spark
Exposure working on NoSQL Databases such as Cassandra, HBase, DynamoDB, and Elastic Search
In depth knowledge of design principles and patterns
Experience with cloud platforms and services such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform, and knowledge of deploying and managing APIs in a cloud environment.
Knowledge of API gateway solutions and their implementation, such as Kong, Apigee, or AWS API Gateway.
What would be great to have:
Exposure to Big Data tools and solutions a strong plus
Exposure to Relational Modeling, Dimensional Modeling, and Modeling of Unstructured Data.
Experience in Design and architecture review and Banking and Financial domain.
Experience working with PCI Data and working with data scientists is a plus.
This role is not eligible to be performed in Colorado, California, New York or Washington.
Please note that salary ranges provided for this role on external job boards are salary estimates made by outside parties and may not be accurate.
Thank you for considering employment with Fiserv. Please:
Apply using your legal name
Complete the step-by-step profile and attach your resume (either is acceptable, both are preferable).
What you should know about us:
Fiserv is a global fintech leader with 40,000-plus (and growing) associates proudly serving clients in more than 100 countries. As a FORTUNE™ 500 company, one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies, and a top scorer on Bloomberg’s Gender-Equality Index, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion:
Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce that reflects our world. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by law.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Warning about fake job posts:
Please be aware of fraudulent job postings that are not affiliated with Fiserv. Fraudulent job postings may be used by cyber criminals to target your personally identifiable information and/or to steal money or financial information.
Any communications from a Fiserv representative will come from a legitimate business email address. We will not hire through text message, social media, or email alone, and any interviews will be conducted in person or through a secure video call. We won’t ask you for sensitive information nor will we ask you to pay anything during the hiring process. We also won’t send you a check to cash on Fiserv’s behalf.
If you see suspicious activity or believe that you have been the victim of a job posting scam, you should report it to your local FBI field office or to the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center.
Today, eighty percent of the world's population lacks access to MRI. Hyperfine is on a mission to address the limitations of current imaging technologies and make MR imaging accessible anytime and anywhere.
Do you have a background in magnetic resonance imaging, deep learning, electrical engineering, physics, or related fields? What about health equipment sales, business development, or marketing? Hyperfine lives and works on the cutting edge of medical imaging accessibility. If you enjoy a challenge as much as you value a committed workplace, we could be the next step in your rising career.

Position Title: Sr. Software Engineer (Core)
Position Location: Guilford, CT (onsite)

The Senior Software Engineer (Core) is responsible for the planning, design, architecture and development of the Core software for the Device software platform that powers our portable MRI. The individual in this role will work closely with the Front-End software developers and integrate UI requirements with backend software. The primary developments will begin with the MRI device and its UI requirements, but a common User experience (UX) is desired. As a member of the Device Software Team, this position also partners effectively with cross-functional teams to ensure requirements are identified, designed, communicated, and developed in a timely and accurate manner.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Architect and design reliable software for Hyperfine Swoop fault-intolerant applications
Select toolset and design/develop software architecture for Swoop device back-end (Python) to support front-end (JavaScript) API
Develop plans and solutions to deliver functional productized API for the device, including integration with the device back-end
Create modern, efficient, elegant, and scalable code
Follow our QMS guidelines to meet quality and regulatory requirements
Add/update those items in the SCM (Supply Chain Management) system repository (e.g., GitHub), and provide clear messages of changes
Partner effectively with cross-functional teams (Cloud, Imaging, Diagnostics, Core, and ID) to ensure timely completion of project deliverables
Perform other duties as needed and assigned
KNOWLEDGE & SKILL:
Ability to lead complex projects
Proficiency with Python and JavaScript
General knowledge of WebSocket
Communicate status of all responsible projects both in writing and verbally
Ability to operate in a highly collaborative, hybrid environment (onsite and virtual teams)
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field (or equivalent experience)
8+ years' experience designing and building software applications
3+ years' Python language programming experience
Experience with new product development
Experience with software revision systems, (e.g., git and continuous integration systems)

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with React-type architectures
Experience with Agile methodologies
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
Ability to speak, write, and use all office equipment including scanner and printer, phone, computer, etc.

Applicants must be authorized to work for ANY employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visas at this time.

Applicant Privacy Notice
Scope and Overview
This Applicant Privacy Notice describes how and when Hyperfine, Inc. collects, uses, shares, and updates personal information from individuals who wish to be considered for employment.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
For purposes of this Applicant Privacy Notice, personal information means any information that identifies or can be used to identify an individual. Personal information excludes anonymous or de-identified data that are not associated with a particular individual. To carry out our recruitment activities, we collect, store, and process the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers such as name and contact information, including home address, phone number, and email address;
Your resume, CV, or profile that includes your employment history, previous and relevant work experience or other experience, and education history;
Job openings you wish to be considered for; and
Cover letter, if you choose to submit one.
We collect the personal information that we process directly from you. In limited circumstances third parties may provide your personal information to us, such as former employers and other third parties that assist us with recruitment activities.
We use this information to assess and compare your skills, qualifications, and experience against other candidates and consider your candidacy for employment at Hyperfine; communicate with you about the recruitment process, your application, recruitment events, and other potential career opportunities at Hyperfine; inform our internal analysis and reporting on our hiring practices and make improvements to our application and recruitment process; for security and fraud detection purposes; and to comply with legal obligations.
As part of our recruitment process, we may also request verification information such as citizenship, work permit status, government-issued identification, and date and place of birth. We will use this information to verify your information and identity; conduct background checks; confirm your eligibility to work at a particular Hyperfine office; confirm that there are no potential conflicts of interest issues in hiring you; and begin the on-boarding process if you are hired by Hyperfine. In addition, where requested by you, we will use this information to assist you with obtaining an immigrant visa or work permit, if required.
You may also voluntarily self-identify certain additional personal information such as your gender, race or ethnic origin, or veteran's status. While we will not ask you for this type of information, you may voluntarily choose to provide it during the course of your recruitment. Such information is voluntary and your decision to provide or withhold any such information will not negatively impact whether or how we will consider you for employment. We may use any such information for internal analysis and reporting on our hiring practices and to make improvements to our application and recruitment process.
Data Sharing
We share your personal information with our employees, contractors, designated agents, or third-party service providers who require such information to assist us with recruitment. Third-party service providers may include, but are not limited to, employment background check providers, recruiting partners, and other service providers that help us manage our recruitment activities. When we contract with these third parties, we do not permit them to use or disclose your information for any purpose other than the work they are doing on our behalf or as required by law.
We may also disclose your personal information to comply with legal obligations or valid legal processes, to protect the rights and property of Hyperfine, or for emergency/safety reasons. If a business transfer or change in ownership occurs, we may disclose information, if necessary, to complete the transaction.
Data Security
We have implemented appropriate physical, technical, and administrative security measures designed to secure your personal information against accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. In addition, we limit access to personal information to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties that have a legitimate business need for such access.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Information
If you would like to access, correct, or modify the personal information you have shared with us, including your contact and application information, please contact info@hyperfine.io with your request.
Deletion
Generally, we will delete your personal information after an unsuccessful application. If your application for employment is successful, we will transfer some or all of the personal information we have collected about you to your Human Resources file.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to update this Applicant Privacy Notice at any time, and we will post the latest version on our careers website at https://hyperfine.io/careers/. If we make changes to this Applicant Privacy Notice during your recruitment process that, in our sole discretion, has a material impact on your rights with respect to how we process your personal information, we will notify you via email to the email address you provided to us. By continuing the recruitment process after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Applicant Privacy Notice.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our processing of your personal information or would like to make a request, please contact: info@hyperfine.io.
Effective Date: October 29, 2021
Posting Number
STA01268PO23

Job Family
Creative Services

Job Function
Web Development

USC Market Title
Web Designer/Developer

Link to USC Market Title
https://uscjobs.sc.edu/titles/132564

Job Level
P1 - Professional

Business Title (Internal Title)
GIS Web Developer

Campus
Columbia

Work County
Richland

College/Division
College of Social Work

Department
COSW Institute for Families in Society

State Pay Band
5

Approved Starting Salary
$45,133

Advertised Salary Range
$45.133-$55,000

Location of Vacancy
1

Part/Full Time
Full Time

Hours per Week
37.5

Work Schedule
Monday-Friday 8:30 am -5:00pm
Must be willing to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the department.

Basis
12 months

Job Search Category
Other Professional

About USC
About University of South Carolina
From the Upstate to the Lowcountry, the University of South Carolina system is transforming the lives of South Carolinians through the impact of our eight institutions and 20 locations throughout the state. More than 50,000 students are enrolled at one of eight institutions, including the research campus in Columbia and comprehensive four-year universities in Aiken, Upstate and Beaufort. In addition, our Palmetto College campuses in Salkehatchie, Union, Lancaster and Sumter enable students to earn associate or bachelor’s degrees through a combination of in-person, online or blended learning. All of our system institutions place strong emphasis on service — helping to build healthier, more educated communities in South Carolina and beyond.

Inclusive Excellence Statement
At the University of South Carolina, we strive to cultivate an inclusive environment that is open, welcoming, and supportive of individuals of all backgrounds. We recognize diversity in our workforce is essential to providing academic excellence and critical to our sustainability. The University is committed to eliminating barriers created by institutional discrimination through accountability and continuous process improvement. We celebrate the diverse voices, perspectives, and experiences of our employees.

Benefits for FTE Positions
The University of South Carolina (USC), through the State of SC and Public Employee Benefit Authority (PEBA), offers employees a valuable benefits package, including health and life insurance, generous paid leave and retirement programs. To learn more about USC benefits, access the About Benefits section on the Applicant Portal at uscjobs.sc.edu.
Position Description
Advertised Job Summary
Are you a GIS web developer who wants an engaging career in the exciting and dynamic field of data visualization where you can make a difference? Here at USC’s Institute for Families in Society (IFS), we are committed to using innovative and modern technologies and development tools to share our research mission with partners and the wider community.
We need your front-end web development skills using HTML/CSS, JavaScript, and design to create innovative dashboards, websites, and modern visualizations. Your web skills can help to improve decision-making and policy implementation, advance the practice and delivery of care, and strengthen communities. Our advanced research institute excels in data science and statistical analysis, with such an interdisciplinary team there are opportunities to create a variety of visualization tools each with their own analysis, communication needs, and end-users.
Apply today and help us build our web presence as an integral contributor to the Data Science and Visualization team. As part of the Data Visualization Team, this position will work with raw data from multiple sources (US Census, Medicaid, data repositories and databases) and will use the Esri suite of GIS tools (ArcGIS Desktop/Pro) and cloud-platform (ArcGIS Online), front-end technologies and tooling, web accessibility and design best practices, authentication and authorization platforms, version control systems, and other products/software to create both internal and external dashboards and web products for the IFS. Experience should include a background in GIS and geospatial techniques used in mapping health events, along with skills in developing modern web applications using frameworks, web APIs, and design systems.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Geographic Information Systems (GIS), health information systems, computer science, environmental science or relevant area, and 1 or more years related Web development experience.
Knowledge of modern HTML/CSS and JavaScript;
Demonstrated front-end web development skills;
Demonstrated mapping and cartography skills
Demonstrated knowledge and skills with GIS, data analytics tools, and data visualization applications such as Tableau, Alteryx, ArcGIS, or ArcPro;
Ability to write and edit technical documentation;
Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment.


Preferred Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Geography, Geographic Information Systems (GIS), Public Health, Environmental Science, or relevant area.
Experience working with health-related datasets such as Medicaid/Medicare, hospitalizations, births, cancer, etc.
Background in GIS and geospatial techniques used in mapping health events.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Experience with GIS software and WebGIS.
A solid understanding of how web applications work including accessibility, security, session management, and best development practices.
Experience developing modern web applications using frameworks, web APIs, and design systems.
Ability to manipulate code efficiently using an IDE or advanced text editor.
Ability to work within version control systems.
Ability to quickly learn new applications and concepts.
Proficiency developing and updating technical documentation and training materials for client business stakeholders to serve as reference.
Demonstrated ability to work independently with limited supervision and with a team.
Ability to successfully manage competing priorities & deliverables in a dead-line oriented environment.
Ability to perform data investigation (e.g., data source identification, feasibility of joins, determine data reasonableness based on business insights).
Ability to confer with teams to resolve conflicts, prioritize needs, develop content criteria, and choose solutions.
Excellent organizational, problem solving, and analysis skills, with the proven ability to multi-task, trouble shoot and prioritize work.
Strong oral and written communication skills attention to detail, customer service orientation, and proven ability to perform work accurately and efficiently.

Job Duties
Job Duty
Collaborate to build, design and maintain websites and software applications.


Essential Function
Yes

Percentage of Time
20

Job Duty
In collaboration, manage and oversee the daily maintenance of websites and other online features such as online mapping applications.

Essential Function
Yes

Percentage of Time
20

Job Duty
Work under general supervision to synthesize and translate instructional and business needs into creative visualizations and tools.

Essential Function
Yes

Percentage of Time
20

Job Duty
As a member of a team, incumbent will develop modern web applications using frameworks, web APIs, and design systems.

Essential Function
Yes

Percentage of Time
15

Job Duty
Create basic maps while expanding skill sets in data visualization design principles and best practices

Essential Function
Yes

Percentage of Time
15

Job Duty
Stay abreast of emerging design features and new online visualizations.

Essential Function
Yes

Percentage of Time
10

Position Attributes
Employees in Safety-Sensitive or Security-Sensitive positions will be subject to pre-employment and post-employment drug testing in accordance with University policy HR 1.95 Drug and Alcohol Testing.
Safety Sensitive or Security Sensitive
No

Hazardous weather category
Non-Essential

Posting Detail Information
Number of Vacancies
1

Desired Start Date
11/01/2023

Job Open Date
12/07/2023

Job Close Date
01/07/2024

Open Until Filled
No

Special Instructions to Applicant
This posting is a re-advertisement. Applications previously submitted are still being considered. Previous applicants do not need to reapply.
Positions are advertised for a minimum of five (5) business days on our job website. After five (5) business days, positions can be closed at the discretion of the department at any time. This employment site is updated on a regular basis. The length of the recruitment and screening process may vary from position to position, depending upon a variety of factors. Should review of your qualifications result in a decision to pursue your candidacy, you will be contacted by phone or email.
We are only accepting applications submitted by January 7, 2024.
The University of South Carolina offers a valuable benefits package including but not limited to:
Health and Life Insurance
Retirement Programs
Paid Tuition
Dependent Scholarships
Annual Leave
Sick Leave
13 Paid Holidays (including an extended December holiday)
Paid Parental Leave
Professional Development Opportunities

Click here to learn more about why you should work at USC.

Quicklink for Posting
https://uscjobs.sc.edu/postings/154720

EEO Statement
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or employment opportunities on the basis of race, sex, gender, gender identity, transgender status, age, color, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, protected veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions.

Posted Feb. 06, 2017
Part-time
About Us
Primeshare provides a secure platform to businesses in regulated industries such as accountants, tax professionals, lawyers, and medical professionals for sharing files with their clients securely. We are seeking a hard-working, intelligent individual with strong communication skills and the ability to work under pressure and who can lead the conversion of innovative ideas to a customer friendly product. We offer a very competitive salary - including overtime pay.
Position Summary
The Software Engineer will develop web and mobile applications in a .NET environment. Successful candidates should have experience in full-stack development of responsive design web applications and native mobile apps for Android and iOS. Successful candidates should be:
Able to code with minimal supervision,
Able to develop, maintain, and tune SQL stored procedures
Able to develop, maintain, and use C# application that is using asp.net webforms and Linq.
Able to troubleshoot problems with minimal guidance
Able to develop, maintain, and tune User Interface for a web application.
Required knowledge, skills, and abilities:
BS/CS or equivalent experience
3-5 years' experience developing C# based .NET applications
3-5 years' experience working in an Agile/SCRUM environment
3-5 years' experience developing responsive HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript
Experience developing integrations with Google, SalesForce, Amazon and other third party APIs
Development Platform Visual Studio 2012, 2013, IIS, TFS
Experience data modeling and designing SQL based databases and stored procedures
Preferred knowledge, skills, and abilities:
ASP.NET 4.5
MVC 4/5
jQuery
jQuery UI
Kendo UI
jQuery Mobile
WebApi 2.0 REST interfaces
Knockout.js
Entity Framework 6
Ionic Framework
Cordova/PhoneGap native phone applications
Experience with modern design patterns like responsive design, IOC, Unit of Work, TDD, Mocking.
Compensation commensurate with skills and experience.
How to Apply?
Interested applicants may send their resume thru email at jobs@primeshare.net
Subject should be RESUME - [Applicant's name] - [Position]
Today, eighty percent of the world's population lacks access to MRI. Hyperfine is on a mission to address the limitations of current imaging technologies and make MR imaging accessible anytime and anywhere.
Do you have a background in magnetic resonance imaging, deep learning, electrical engineering, physics, or related fields? What about health equipment sales, business development, or marketing? Hyperfine lives and works on the cutting edge of medical imaging accessibility. If you enjoy a challenge as much as you value a committed workplace, we could be the next step in your rising career.

Position Title: Sr. Software Engineer (Core)
Position Location: Guilford, CT (onsite)

The Senior Software Engineer (Core) is responsible for the planning, design, architecture and development of the Core software for the Device software platform that powers our portable MRI. The individual in this role will work closely with the Front-End software developers and integrate UI requirements with backend software. The primary developments will begin with the MRI device and its UI requirements, but a common User experience (UX) is desired. As a member of the Device Software Team, this position also partners effectively with cross-functional teams to ensure requirements are identified, designed, communicated, and developed in a timely and accurate manner.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Architect and design reliable software for Hyperfine Swoop fault-intolerant applications
Select toolset and design/develop software architecture for Swoop device back-end (Python) to support front-end (JavaScript) API
Develop plans and solutions to deliver functional productized API for the device, including integration with the device back-end
Create modern, efficient, elegant, and scalable code
Follow our QMS guidelines to meet quality and regulatory requirements
Add/update those items in the SCM (Supply Chain Management) system repository (e.g., GitHub), and provide clear messages of changes
Partner effectively with cross-functional teams (Cloud, Imaging, Diagnostics, Core, and ID) to ensure timely completion of project deliverables
Perform other duties as needed and assigned
KNOWLEDGE & SKILL:
Ability to lead complex projects
Proficiency with Python and JavaScript
General knowledge of WebSocket
Communicate status of all responsible projects both in writing and verbally
Ability to operate in a highly collaborative, hybrid environment (onsite and virtual teams)
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field (or equivalent experience)
8+ years' experience designing and building software applications
3+ years' Python language programming experience
Experience with new product development
Experience with software revision systems, (e.g., git and continuous integration systems)

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with React-type architectures
Experience with Agile methodologies
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
Ability to speak, write, and use all office equipment including scanner and printer, phone, computer, etc.

Applicants must be authorized to work for ANY employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visas at this time.

Applicant Privacy Notice
Scope and Overview
This Applicant Privacy Notice describes how and when Hyperfine, Inc. collects, uses, shares, and updates personal information from individuals who wish to be considered for employment.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
For purposes of this Applicant Privacy Notice, personal information means any information that identifies or can be used to identify an individual. Personal information excludes anonymous or de-identified data that are not associated with a particular individual. To carry out our recruitment activities, we collect, store, and process the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers such as name and contact information, including home address, phone number, and email address;
Your resume, CV, or profile that includes your employment history, previous and relevant work experience or other experience, and education history;
Job openings you wish to be considered for; and
Cover letter, if you choose to submit one.
We collect the personal information that we process directly from you. In limited circumstances third parties may provide your personal information to us, such as former employers and other third parties that assist us with recruitment activities.
We use this information to assess and compare your skills, qualifications, and experience against other candidates and consider your candidacy for employment at Hyperfine; communicate with you about the recruitment process, your application, recruitment events, and other potential career opportunities at Hyperfine; inform our internal analysis and reporting on our hiring practices and make improvements to our application and recruitment process; for security and fraud detection purposes; and to comply with legal obligations.
As part of our recruitment process, we may also request verification information such as citizenship, work permit status, government-issued identification, and date and place of birth. We will use this information to verify your information and identity; conduct background checks; confirm your eligibility to work at a particular Hyperfine office; confirm that there are no potential conflicts of interest issues in hiring you; and begin the on-boarding process if you are hired by Hyperfine. In addition, where requested by you, we will use this information to assist you with obtaining an immigrant visa or work permit, if required.
You may also voluntarily self-identify certain additional personal information such as your gender, race or ethnic origin, or veteran's status. While we will not ask you for this type of information, you may voluntarily choose to provide it during the course of your recruitment. Such information is voluntary and your decision to provide or withhold any such information will not negatively impact whether or how we will consider you for employment. We may use any such information for internal analysis and reporting on our hiring practices and to make improvements to our application and recruitment process.
Data Sharing
We share your personal information with our employees, contractors, designated agents, or third-party service providers who require such information to assist us with recruitment. Third-party service providers may include, but are not limited to, employment background check providers, recruiting partners, and other service providers that help us manage our recruitment activities. When we contract with these third parties, we do not permit them to use or disclose your information for any purpose other than the work they are doing on our behalf or as required by law.
We may also disclose your personal information to comply with legal obligations or valid legal processes, to protect the rights and property of Hyperfine, or for emergency/safety reasons. If a business transfer or change in ownership occurs, we may disclose information, if necessary, to complete the transaction.
Data Security
We have implemented appropriate physical, technical, and administrative security measures designed to secure your personal information against accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. In addition, we limit access to personal information to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties that have a legitimate business need for such access.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Information
If you would like to access, correct, or modify the personal information you have shared with us, including your contact and application information, please contact info@hyperfine.io with your request.
Deletion
Generally, we will delete your personal information after an unsuccessful application. If your application for employment is successful, we will transfer some or all of the personal information we have collected about you to your Human Resources file.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to update this Applicant Privacy Notice at any time, and we will post the latest version on our careers website at https://hyperfine.io/careers/. If we make changes to this Applicant Privacy Notice during your recruitment process that, in our sole discretion, has a material impact on your rights with respect to how we process your personal information, we will notify you via email to the email address you provided to us. By continuing the recruitment process after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Applicant Privacy Notice.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our processing of your personal information or would like to make a request, please contact: info@hyperfine.io.
Effective Date: October 29, 2021
Requisition Id 12028

Overview:
Dive into the heart of innovation with a role that's more than just a job—it's a mission. As a full-stack software developer with us, your technical acumen and enthusiasm for innovation will not only shape the next wave of software development but will also revolutionize the way scientific data is managed and shared. In our collaborative oasis of innovation, you'll propel research that transcends disciplines, making strides in scientific discovery. Seize the chance to grow, inspire, and be inspired, making meaningful contributions to science and technology.

In this pivotal role, you will be crafting products and services that redefine scientific data management at leadership-class scale. We're scouting for a developer with a creative mind eager to grow and to innovate. While proficiency in C/C++/Python, data-centric applications, distributed architectures, and microservices architecture is desirable, a tenacious appetite for learning is our cornerstone requirement. You'll join a cohort of multi-disciplinary team of experts, united by a dedication to elevate data across a scientific ecosystem. Together, we tackle some of the most compelling challenges, leveraging state-of-the-art technology and developing innovative solutions. This role is nestled within the Data Lifecycle Technologies group of the Advanced Technologies section at the National Center for Computational Sciences, part of the Computing and Computational Sciences Directorate at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL).

As a beacon of ingenuity within the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science national laboratories, ORNL boasts an illustrious 80-year legacy of tackling global challenges head-on. With a vibrant community of over 6,000 dedicated professionals, we're not just envisioning the future; we're manifesting it. Our strategic vision for diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility (DEIA) is at the core of our ethos, ensuring that ORNL is not just a premier workplace but a diverse crucible of ideas, fostering excellence and innovation across every endeavor. These principles are the bedrock of our mission to expedite transformative scientific discoveries into tangible solutions for energy, the environment, and national security.

Major Duties/Responsibilities:
Develop software applications and science-based systems
Collaborate with other research and technical professionals to develop new capabilities that execute on ORNL’s leading data and compute infrastructures.
Support multiple technology projects at the same time.
Develop, test, and deploy services.
Evaluate and test third-party software
Deliver ORNL’s mission by aligning behaviors, priorities, and interactions with our core values of Impact, Integrity, Teamwork, Safety, and Service. Promote diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility by fostering a respectful workplace – in how we treat one another, work together, and measure success.

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or software engineering, with a minimum of 2 years of programming experience OR Master’s degree in computer science or software engineering, with a minimum of 1 year of programming experience.
Experience with one or more of the following languages: C/C++, Go, or Python.
Experience with containers (e.g., Docker) and container orchestration (e.g., Kubernetes).
Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git).
Experience with CI/CD practices, test methodologies.

Preferred Qualifications:
Proficiency with any front-end languages (e.g., Javascript, AngularJS, React).
Willingness to learn new programming languages and technologies.
Motivated self-starter with the ability to work independently and to participate creatively in a collaborative setting.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Ability to think critically.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Ability to function well in a fast-paced research environment, set priorities to accomplish multiple tasks within deadlines, and adapt to ever changing needs.

Special Requirements:
Visa sponsorship: Visa sponsorship is not available for this position, now or in the future.

Benefits at ORNL:
ORNL offers competitive pay and benefits programs to attract and retain talented people. The laboratory offers many employee benefits, including medical and retirement plans and flexible work hours, to help you and your family live happy and healthy. Employee amenities such as on-site fitness, banking, and cafeteria facilities are also provided for convenience.

Other benefits include the following: Prescription Drug Plan, Dental Plan, Vision Plan, 401(k) Retirement Plan, Contributory Pension Plan, Life Insurance, Disability Benefits, Generous Vacation and Holidays, Parental Leave, Legal Insurance with Identity Theft Protection, Employee Assistance Plan, Flexible Spending Accounts, Health Savings Accounts, Wellness Programs, Educational Assistance, Relocation Assistance, and Employee Discounts.
If you have difficulty using the online application system or need an accommodation to apply due to a disability, please email: ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov or call 1.866.963.9545.

Hybrid/Onsite:
In addition, we offer a flexible work environment that supports both the organization and the employee. A hybrid/onsite working arrangement may be available with this position.

#LI-KC1

This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired.
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment.

If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov.

ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer.
Why Spur Reply:
At Spur Reply, our mission is to turn every interaction our clients have into a go-to-market advantage. We are a consultancy whose objective is to drive results that matter. As the leading authority on go-to-market solutions, we act as an extension of our client teams, providing the support, tools, and strategies to achieve important outcomes. If you tackle challenges with unmatched persistence and believe learning is critical to ongoing growth, we want you on our team.

Moreover, we focus on delighting our clients and creating the absolute best workplace for every person in the firm. We are a group of passionate, smart, and experienced consultants who strive to be their best selves every day and focus on driving value for our clients. Our size allows us to be large enough to scale but small enough to create a personalized journey and offer meaningful support as our consultants grow. The firm’s culture, which is built on teaming and teaching, empowers our professionals to support each other in their career development.

Our focus on our people is evident in the compelling benefits we offer
Hybrid with a competitive salary and total rewards package
Premiums paid by company - 80% Health, 100% Dental, and Vision benefits for you and your family
Opportunity to participate in 401k with up to 4% company match
Generous paid vacation
Optional Company cell phone monthly plan
Commuter benefits in Western Washington
Monthly company lunches, company parties, and fully stocked kitchens
A world-class community experience with our Employee Resource Groups
Must be located in one of 3 areas (Seattle, Irvine, Los Angeles) due to being a hybrid role with an expectation of 3 days per week in office.

About the Role & What You'll Do:
Spur Reply is looking for a Consultant – Software Engineer to join our Modern Apps & Experiences team. As a Software Developer, you will develop front-end and back-end web application architecture, enhance, and sustain innovative solutions to improve the customer experience. In this role, you will work independently and participate in meaningful collaboration sessions on how to solve customer problems.

What You'll Do
Independently implement new features in a highly collaborative work environment alongside product managers and fellow engineers
Write legible, resource-efficient, and performant code
Collaborate with business partners and internal customers
Share technical solutions and product ideas through team planning, design review, pair programming, code review, and technical discussions
Take on projects and make software enhancements that improve team software and processes.
While you are an agent of change with a sense of urgency, you are respectful of what came before
What you’d bring to Spur:
You have knowledge of software development processes, and you practice Agile
You are experienced with one or more of the following: React, Angular 8+, Express, Typescript, Core JavaScript, HTML 5, CSS or Node.JS
You have experience with object-oriented programming languages (C#, Java)
You are an experienced user of one or more Application Lifecycle Management tools (e.g., Jira, Azure DevOps)
You have experience in the administration of enterprise-grade infrastructures like AWS, Azure
You have experience in infrastructure-as-code tools like Terraform, Ansible, CloudFormation
You have experience in monitoring and analyzing infrastructure using tools such as Datadog, CloudWatch, Grafana
You are experienced with CI/CD tools like Jenkins, GitLab, ArgoCD
What you'll need (Requirements):
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field
3+ years of industry experience
Additional Information:
Spur Reply (Formerly The Spur Group) is a consulting firm based in Bellevue, WA. In our hybrid working environment, our general working hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT, Monday through Friday. While we strive for work/life harmony, client work may extend beyond these hours and may require flexibility in work arrangements.

The base compensation range for this full-time position is between $110,000-$130,000 plus benefits. Compensation decisions are supported through market data, where regional variances may exist based on cost of labor. We also take into consideration prior experience, relevant skills, education and/or training, certifications, and, as applicable, other required qualifications. If you have questions regarding compensation, a Talent Acquisition Partner can provide relevant details during the interview process.

Spur Reply is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Spur Reply is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, origin, gender, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. If you need assistance and reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, email us at talentacquisition.spur.us@reply.com . Visit our website to learn more about our open roles.
Welcome to 247Sports, the industry leader in recruiting content with a network of team sites devoted to college sports. 247Sports delivers free and premium content and online communities for the most dedicated and engaged college sports fans. 247Sports is part of CBS Interactive's multi-platform offerings.

Do you have a passion for Sports? You will be a curious, creative, detailed oriented, quick study that can dive into an existing tech stack and rapidly become an effective contributor. You have a passion for improving the performance and design of software systems and have strong debugging skills. You are a great communicator that can ask the right questions from team members and stakeholders to ensure you have a solid understanding of the problems you want to solve. You love collaboration with other engineers including pair programming and reviewing code changes.

This is a Freelance position which has the option for someone to work remotely.

Responsibilities:
Produce reliable and performant code with appropriate monitoring and alerting
Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
Collaborate with product managers and other engineers.
Being able to produce quality code based on dynamic requirements.
Work in a fast-paced AGILE environment. This should be second nature (TDD, SCRUM, Kanban, etc.) with evolutionary architecture and prototyping, experience with various databases, and configuration/deployment/testing solutions.
Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues.
Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
Perform hands-on participation in team coding, developing interfaces for web applications, services, and future technology.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience
3+ years of C#, .net experience.
3+ years of experience building high throughput APIs.
Some PHP experience.
3+ years of cloud computing (preferably AWS) experience.
Solid understanding of OO programming, design patterns.
Experience with optimizing performance.
3+ years of experience modeling data flow between systems to enable transactional workflows and upstream/downstream integrations and multi-tiered systems.
Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases.
Able to analyze, debug and troubleshoot problems in the code.
Proficient with GIT.
Experience utilizing APM, debuggers, profilers, logging to improve performance and fix issues.

Y ou might also have:
Python, Flask experience.
Machine Learning experience.
Experiecne working with Docker for containerization
Experience using Entity Framework ORM.
Experience utilizing caching systems like CDNs, Varnish, Redis, Memcache.
Experience optimizing SQL DB schema and queries.

CBS Sports, a year-round leader in cross-platform sports coverage, broadcasts a portfolio of events on the CBS Television Network, including THE NFL ON CBS; college football, including the SEC ON CBS; college basketball, including the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship; golf, including The Masters®, PGA Championship and PGA TOUR; soccer, including the UEFA Champions League and NWSL; and CBS SPORTS SPECTACULAR.
In addition, the division includes CBS SPORTS NETWORK, the 24-hour cable home of CBS Sports which televises live sports programming throughout the year, including college football and basketball games, UEFA Champions League and Europa League action, Italy's Serie A matches, Concacaf national team competitions, as well as a full slate of original programming and studio coverage.
CBS Sports also delivers an extensive lineup of global soccer coverage on Paramount+, including every UEFA club competition match, all Serie A matches as well as Concacaf national team competitions, and produces INSIDE THE NFL for Paramount+. CBS Sports Digital's multi-platform offerings include CBSSports.com and the CBS Sports apps for mobile and connected TV devices; the 24/7 streaming sports news network CBS Sports HQ; 247Sports; MaxPreps; CBS Sports fantasy games; and SportsLine.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Hiring Salary Range: $110000.0 - 120000.0.

The hiring salary range for this position applies to New York City, California, Colorado, Washington state, and most other geographies. Starting pay for the successful applicant depends on a variety of job-related factors, including but not limited to geographic location, market demands, experience, training, and education.

Paramount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.

At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to paramountaccommodations@paramount.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.
Job Summary
JOB DESCRIPTION - Client Support Specialist (Part-Time)
Location : Remote in US
Division : TicketWeb
Line Manager : Manager, Client Support
Contract Terms : Part-time, 28 hours per week (including weekends and evenings)
THE TEAM
The client services team builds and maintains relationships with various clients to understand the essentials of their business practice, ensure their business objectives are met and clients are able to utilize the various Universe and TicketWeb products and platforms. They are the voice of the client for the product team and help support the fan journey, queries and support on behalf of clients.
THE JOB
This position will support the Universe and TicketWeb divisions within Ticketmaster. You will deliver services to support the client’s day-to-day needs related to the use of ticketing systems and products. The CSS will be responsible for maintaining agreed upon service levels. They will follow-up as needed with product and engineering teams to ensure we are providing timely problem resolution. Responsibilities will also include training, sharing of best practices, and general operational support including installs and upgrades. This role will be responsible for handling inbound emails from clients and ticket buyers (fans), be the first line of defense to troubleshoot issues, provide solutions and propose and implement process improvements with the broader team.
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING
CLIENT SERVICE
Work closely with clients via Zoom, email and over the phone, to build their own events, manage their own on/off sales, and pull their own reports
Engage with event hosts and ticket buyers (fans) to resolve issues and requests with strong empathy
Meet and exceed client service level agreements
Identify process optimization and improvements to customer success flows to improve the support experience
Advise and assist with reporting
Monitor client chargeback activity and flag fraudulent trends, and alert respective teams
Coordinate upgrades and hardware replacements at client sites
Work closely with the Sales and Product teams to ensure client needs are met and clearly communicate roadblocks to the team
Provide after hours office support
UNIVERSE AND TICKETWEB PLATFORM SUPPORT
Working knowledge of Universe and TicketWeb web portals
Remain current with new software/product releases
Assist with client onboarding and ongoing maintenance
PROBLEM RESOLUTION
Use troubleshooting techniques and tools to identify the root cause of issues
Research client/customer complaints about service levels
Serve as primary contact for customer service escalations on behalf of clients
Log issues and user feedback, and work closely with developers to reproduce issues, problem-solve, and verify fixes on Universe and TicketWeb managed websites
Our job descriptions evolve with our business needs and priorities. In addition to the description above, your role may include additional duties, responsibilities, projects, and team support as needed.
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW (or TECHNICAL SKILLS/COMPETENCIES)
Minimum of 2 years of experience in a customer facing role; customer success, customer service, sales or similar
Minimum of 1 year of account management experience such as managing partnerships across the country, with consideration for uniqueness of individual client needs
Strong understanding of technology and how to efficiently use it to best help out clients
Clear and concise verbal and written communication skills; including exceptional spelling and grammar
Excellent social and interpersonal skills; you’re friendly and outgoing, and enjoying connecting with new people
Proficient working knowledge of Microsoft Office suite products
Understanding of the Ticketing or Live Event industry is a bonus, as is experience working in a Box Office
Ability to prioritize and strategize in a dynamic fast-paced environment, balancing client requests, technical hurdles, and daily management of competing priorities/deadlines
YOU (BEHAVIOURAL SKILLS/COMPETENCIES)
Rock Solid Reliability – I earn the trust of clients, co-workers and fans; I set clear expectations; I deliver high quality work on time and on task; I take the time to do things right
Solution Driven – I creatively find solutions to problems clients are experiencing by collaborating with management and interdepartmentally with experts that can find alternative and effective solutions to any limitations.
Winning Teamwork – I collaborate with others; I share information openly; I listen and take time to empathize and understand where others are coming from; I show recognition and appreciation for the contributions of others.
Act with Integrity – I am proud of the way I represent myself and the company to others; I act with good intentions; I have direct, honest conversations while creating a safe work environment for open dialogue; I represent information and data accurately and completely
Please note: Ticketmaster, Live Nation Entertainment, will be closed for a year-end holiday break, with operations resuming in the New Year. Please don’t be disheartened if we do not respond to you during this time, we will be in touch upon our return!
EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES
We are passionate and committed to our people and go beyond the rhetoric of diversity and inclusion. You will be working in an inclusive environment and be encouraged to bring your whole self to work. We will do all that we can to help you successfully balance your work and homelife. As a growing business we will encourage you to develop your professional and personal aspirations, enjoy new experiences, and learn from the talented people you will be working with. It’s talent that matters to us and we encourage applications from people irrespective of their gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability status or caring responsibilities.
CULTURE
We’re fans who help fans everywhere get into the live events they love. A proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, Ticketmaster has changed the way the world connects with their favorite artists, teams, and shows, and we continue to shape innovation every day. We’re not just selling tickets (though we do that better than anyone else), we’re enriching lives one amazing experience at a time. And we think that’s pretty amazing. If you’re passionate about the magic of live entertainment like we are, and you want to work at a company dedicated to helping millions of fans experience it, we want to hear from you.
We have a ‘Fan First’ mindset, placing customers at the heart of everything we do. Whether working behind the scenes or engaging directly with the ‘Fan’ you will be part of a culture that supports and enriches the fan experience. Your work, our passion… delivering world class experiences – Fan First.
The expected compensation for this position in NYC is:
$18.40 USD - $23.00 Hourly
The expected compensation for this position in Westchester is
$18.40 - $23.00 Hourly
**Please note that the compensation information provided is a good faith estimate for this position only and is provided pursuant to the New York Salary Transparency in Job Advertisements Law. It is estimated based on what a successful New York City applicant might be paid. It assumes that the successful candidate will be in New York City or perform the position from New York City. Similar positions located outside of New York City will not necessarily receive the same compensation. Live Nation takes into consideration a candidate’s education, training, and experience, as well as the position’s work location, expected quality and quantity of work, required travel (if any), external market and internal value, including seniority and merit systems, and internal pay alignment when determining the salary level for potential new employees. In compliance with the NYC Law, a potential new employee’s salary history will not be used in compensation decisions.
**Please note that the compensation information provided is a good faith estimate for this position only and is provided pursuant to the Westchester County Human Rights Law . It is estimated based on what a successful Westchester County applicant might be paid. It assumes that the successful candidate will be in Westchester County or perform the position from Westchester County . Similar positions located outside of Westchester County will not necessarily receive the same compensation. Live Nation takes into consideration a candidate’s education, training, and experience, as well as the position’s work location, expected quality and quantity of work, required travel (if any), external market and internal value, including seniority and merit systems, and internal pay alignment when determining the salary level for potential new employees. In compliance with the Westchester County , a potential new employee’s salary history will not be used in compensation decisions.

US Remote
Description
Plixer is currently seeking a Software Developer who will be part of a team focused on our Scrutinizer product. The position requires proficiency in Golang and Perl. As a member of our Core Technology team, you’ll work closely with our product teams and have visibility to all parts of our code and products, focusing on performance, uptime, scalability, and reliability. You must be a team player and be able to scale in a fast-growing environment.
Responsibilities
Develop data ingestion, storage, search, and delivery methodologies with Kafka, cloud solutions, Elastic, and SIEM technologies to support a wide array of data sources and types.
Build high-volume event collection, data processing, and storage systems.
Analyze new and existing technologies, processes, and services to build new services and solutions to deliver to business and residential customers.
Partner with product teams to provide technical leadership and guidance.
Qualifications & experience
Must have strong verbal and written communication skills with an ability to develop a strong rapport across a variety of technical and non-technical teams
Experience working with Golang, Perl, databases, and Docker/Kubernetes
Experience working with SIEM and analytic platforms like Splunk and Elastic
Knowledge of networking tools like NetFlow, packet capture, IDS/IPS, Bro/Zeek, or similar
Experience working with Linux CLI and shell scripting
Experience working with Kafka and cloud environments to manage data collection, parsing, storage, and search capabilities a plus
How to apply
To apply for the Software Developer position, please email your résumé to careers@plixer.com and include “Software Developer” in the subject line.
Are you the bold, expressive, savvy technology writer Resources Online seeks? We’ll count on you to craft engaging tech-related blog posts, social media posts, customer emails, marketing announcements, and other miscellany. You’ll nurture an ongoing close relationship with one of our clients as you learn their communication preferences, practices, and goals. You must be comfortable interviewing executives, developers, and customers to distill complex information into cohesive, easy-to-understand communications. Your primary audience will be IT professionals, software engineers, and students acquiring technical skills.
This is a remote (1099) position. The cadence and quantity of assignments will vary, so it may be an ideal fit if you’re a flexible freelancer wishing to boost monthly hours
Requirements
3 or more years writing blog posts, executive communications, long-form marketing copy, or copy for a technical or business audience.
Familiarity with the software industry and related concepts and terms.
A portfolio or work samples demonstrating the requested subject-matter range (for example, interviews, white papers, news items).
Availability to turn around random requests with little notice, as well as to plan and write regular, long-term assignments.
Willing to submit to a background screening.
How to apply
Please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., describing how your skills and experience align with the role and its requirements. Attach or include links to up to five examples of your relevant published work. Work you’ve ghost-written or that lacks a byline may be considered.
Job Status: Full Time
Work Hours: 9:00AM TO 5:00PM
Hours Per Week: 40
Number of Positions: One
Position ID: 202310-092993
Salary: $108,240.00/Year
FEIN #: 04-3395284
Contact: Madhu Rao
E-mail: hr@webject.com
Or mail resumes to: Human Resources
Webject Systems, Inc.
16 Central Square, Suite 2
Bridgewater, MA 02324
Job Duties:
Involve in all SDLC processes to conduct requirements gathering and analysis, development with server/client-side integration, code enhancement testing, bug fixing, and deployment. Design new application or enhance existing application by refactoring. Maintain software application by migrating the frameworks to latest updates as per requirement. Create User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, XHTML, XML, Media Queries, JSON. Develop using various JavaScript frameworks like Angular.js, Node.js, React.js, Responsive web design (RWD) and Reactive programming using Redux, RXJS, NGRX. Apply latest software development approaches including model view controller (MVC), to develop enterprise applications using JAVA/J2EE, Spring, Spring boot.
Required Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Engineering, Information Systems or related field.
Required years of Experience: 12 Months experience in Information Technology.

For other employment opportunities, please contact us via email : hr@webject.com
engineer sr - ST
Job Summary and Mission
At Starbucks, our mission is to inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup, and one neighborhood at a time. Starbucks Technologists work to achieve this mission through the use of cutting-edge technology delivered to our partners, customers, stores, roasters, and global communities.
This job contributes to Starbucks success by delivering high-quality, reliable, and stable technologies and security capabilities in support of the Starbucks Engineering Platform. This position is accountable for the installation, configuration, monitoring, analysis, maintenance, and technical support of the platform.

Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles.
Summary of Key Responsibilities
Communicates highly complex ideas and concepts to non-technical peers and customers
Ability to establish cross-functional, collaborative relationships with business and technology partners
Support the development team and perform activities to resolve developer issues in a timely and accurate fashion
Engineer build and release processes
Ability to effectively manage and partner with technology vendors to deliver against business objectives
Conducts research and makes recommendations on standards, products, and services
Ensures application and infrastructure architectural solutions are stable, secure, and compliant with Company standards and practices
Implements all technologies in accordance with Information Security's guiding principles for highly sensitive data
Provide high-availability operational support and automate solutions across the environment
Implements deep telemetry capabilities to provide ongoing success and performance metrics
Implements service monitoring across all platforms to ensure continuous availability and operational continuity of critical systems
Upholds company policies, and legal/regulatory requirements, such as PCI
Implements and maintains system configurations and baselines to support secure application development software control best practices and standards

Basic Qualifications
Education (minimum education level, degree or certification necessary):
4-8 years of professional industry experience with software development
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field
Preferred Qualifications
5+ years of experience in system administration, network administration, and systems engineering
5+ years of experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl and/or Ruby.
3+ years Experience with large-scale distributed systems and client-server architectures
Demonstrated ability to debug and optimize code, and automate routine tasks.
Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.
Proven ability to translate insights into business recommendations
Knowledge in application development and supporting a development environment
Experience with Cloud Computing platforms (e.g. Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine)
Knowledge and understanding of relevant legal and regulatory requirements, such as SOX, PCI, HIPAA, Data
Protection, etc.
Demonstrated experience implementing and managing high capacity, redundant, and mission critical environments
Knowledge in databases and comfortable with various databases technologies
Proficiency in TCP/IP networking, architecture and core technologies ( DNS, routing, iptables, tc, etc.)
Experience running and maintaining a 24x7 production environment

Years of experience in specific field or utilizing designated skills (minimum needed to be qualified): 5+ years

Join us and inspire with every cup. Apply today!
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at 206-318-0660 or via email at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
Calling all innovators – find your future at Fiserv.
We’re Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments, and we move money and information in a way that moves the world. We connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants, and consumers to one another millions of times a day – quickly, reliably, and securely. Any time you swipe your credit card, pay through a mobile app, or withdraw money from the bank, we’re involved. If you want to make an impact on a global scale, come make a difference at Fiserv.
Job Title
Software Developer
Must be legally eligible to work in the United States. Visa Sponsorship will not be provided for this position.
Business Description:
Analyze technical and business procedures, assisting/driving in the development of detailed specifications from which programs will be written. Develop, code, test, debug, maintain, modify, and install computer software. Recommends major changes in procedures and software development activities.
Position Purpose:
Defining, developing, testing, and supporting technical and architectural solutions in complex environments that support Bank Solutions product strategies and address the market needs of Fiserv clients and their customers. This is a full-time position in a highly collaborative environment working with other skilled software professionals to deliver high quality software to help clients improve the way they do business.
Essential Job Responsibilities:
Lead in developing complex applications based upon technical and functional specifications.
Assisting in the development of and adhering to technical and functional standards
Under limited direction, research, define, & complete required additions and changes to financial software products
Under limited direction, analyze technical specifications for creation of new or enhancing existing applications for compatibility with other systems
Participate in strategic planning sessions and technical discussions and demonstrate the ability to assist in translating ideas into technical designs
Technologies and Principles:
Knowledgeable in object-oriented software design patterns, development, data modelling, and SOLID principals
Experience with C#, VB.net, and supported .NET frameworks.
Experience with JavaScript and frameworks including React, AngularJS, or ASP. Net
Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and automated functional testing: X-unit, N-unit, Selenium, Playwright, MS-Test, Test Café, etc.
Knowledge of secure coding practices, tooling and finding remediation.
Experience with source management tools including GIT, TFS, etc.
Ability to resolve architectural problems including scalability, performance, reliability, usability & security
Additional qualifications
Associate degree in computer Programming, or equivalent education in a related discipline with 2+ years’ experience is preferred
Agile methodology, Jira and or confluence
Use of scripting, DevOps practices including CI/CD processes, containerization
Financial industry interest and or experience
#LI-AD1
This role is not eligible to be performed in Colorado, California, New York or Washington.
Please note that salary ranges provided for this role on external job boards are salary estimates made by outside parties and may not be accurate.
Thank you for considering employment with Fiserv. Please:
Apply using your legal name
Complete the step-by-step profile and attach your resume (either is acceptable, both are preferable).
What you should know about us:
Fiserv is a global fintech leader with 40,000-plus (and growing) associates proudly serving clients in more than 100 countries. As a FORTUNE™ 500 company, one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies, and a top scorer on Bloomberg’s Gender-Equality Index, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion:
Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce that reflects our world. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by law.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Warning about fake job posts:
Please be aware of fraudulent job postings that are not affiliated with Fiserv. Fraudulent job postings may be used by cyber criminals to target your personally identifiable information and/or to steal money or financial information.
Any communications from a Fiserv representative will come from a legitimate business email address. We will not hire through text message, social media, or email alone, and any interviews will be conducted in person or through a secure video call. We won’t ask you for sensitive information nor will we ask you to pay anything during the hiring process. We also won’t send you a check to cash on Fiserv’s behalf.
If you see suspicious activity or believe that you have been the victim of a job posting scam, you should report it to your local FBI field office or to the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center.
Status: Now Accepting Applications
Company: Galliano Marine Service
16201 East Main Street
Cut Off, LA 70345
Email: jobs@chouest.com
Interviews will be completed virtually with selected candidates via Google Meet or Zoom.
Responsibilities
The software developer will:
Research, design, implement, and manage software programs.
Test and evaluate new programs.
Identify areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently develop these modifications.
Write and implement efficient code.
Determine operational practicality.
Train and support end users.
Develop quality-assurance procedures.
Deploy software tools, processes, and metrics.
Maintain and upgrade existing systems.
Work closely with other developers, UX designers, businesses, and systems analysts.
Direct and participate in programming activities, monitor and evaluate system performance, and design and implement new programs and features.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or similar field
Technical background with related experience in software development and support
Strong grasp of object-oriented programming and the use of various design patterns
.Net Framework, ASP.net, WCF, and Angular
C#, HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript
Database development and administration experience with MS Sql and T-Sql
Experience with full project lifecycle (requirements gathering, engineering/documentation, development, testing, deployment, and maintenance)
Strong communication skills
Strong problem-solving skills
The Edison Chouest Offshore family of companies is committed to ensuring all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law with regard to any employment practices. We are dedicated to ensuring all employees are treated with the utmost level of respect as we believe this is the strongest foundation to build upon to foster an environment where employees feel comfortable handling their assignments, sharing their ideas, and pointing out opportunities for improvement.
ECO offers competitive pay and a comprehensive benefits package including a 401(k) match.
Job Overview:
As a member of the creative team, the Front-End Developer works both on the business and in the business. As a team, we work on the business to help identify the root cause of our challenges and opportunities – things like recommending improvements to the process, creative approach, tools and how we get work done. We also work in the business to help our clients achieve their goals – things like crafting creative solutions, collaborating as a team to bring fresh ideas forward and elevating the quality of our creative work.

Responsible for implementing and extending visual elements that users see and interact with in a digital environment using common development languages.
Capabilities include proven understanding of HTML, CSS, and JS. Expertise in WordPress and proficient in Elementor and have any other CMS experience. Also experience building sites from scratch without a CMS. Guide and determine the structure and template of digital assets, striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design, ensuring web design is optimized for all devices and browsers.

Accountable for the following:
UX/UI Experience
Email Development
Web Development
Research & Development
Quality Assurance (Tracking, ADA Compliance and Functionality)
Web Page Optimizations
Keen eye for design, ensuring there is alignment between design and user experience, optimizing digital assets for maximum efficiency while maintaining brand consistency.

Requirements & Qualifications:
Studies in Computer science, Front end development or related fields with a certificate or higher, and 2+ years of professional experience
Advanced knowledge of HTML and CSS
Familiarity with JavaScript, and jQuery
Familiarity with web hosts and servers
Experience with APIs and/or WordPress plugins specially Elementor
Knowledge of some SEO principles
Knowledge of most ADA requirements specify for WCAG 2.0 AA
Experience with responsive and adaptive design
Familiarity with graphics software such as Adobe XD, Adobe Photoshop, Sketch, Invision and Figma
Understanding of key design principles
Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company’s success
Critical thinker and problem-solving skills
Great communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills
Good time-management and prioritization skills
Team player
Why Hot Dish

Our purpose is to ignite success for our clients, our agency and each other. We are an impact agency that is strategically led, creatively driven, and client focused. We succeed when our clients succeed. In a fast-paced environment, our values guide and propel us forward, and that is what our teams thrive on.

At Hot Dish, we believe in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our clients and our greater community. We work in an authentically fun culture celebrating the small and large achievements along the way.

Our Values:
Passionate about our clients, our team, and the work we produce.
Curious to test new marketing ideas to help our clients achieve their goals and teach team members how to be critical thinkers in the agency to make our work better.
Smartypants as part of the leading franchise marketing agency.
Playing to win to do what it takes to support the client. Lead, Follow or Get out of the way.
Respectful of everyone.
Fun and thrive off partnering with other high-energy team members and clients!
About Rippling
Rippling gives businesses one place to run HR, IT, and Finance. It brings together all of the workforce systems that are normally scattered across a company, like payroll, expenses, benefits, and computers. For the first time ever, you can manage and automate every part of the employee lifecycle in a single system.

Take onboarding, for example. With Rippling, you can hire a new employee anywhere in the world and set up their payroll, corporate card, computer, benefits, and even third-party apps like Slack and Microsoft 365—all within 90 seconds.

Based in San Francisco, CA, Rippling has raised $1.2B from the world’s top investors—including Kleiner Perkins, Founders Fund, Sequoia, Greenoaks, and Bedrock—and was named one of America's best startup employers by Forbes.

About the role

Rippling is growing exceptionally fast. We have 1300+ sales and support personnel and 700+ engineers that need a variety of custom tools to do their best work. Our 3-person engineering team enables the entire company. This role is for the Tools team that manages a variety of key systems like Retool, Sales Account Tooling, and various support features. All features must be completed in a way that is consistent with our security and compliance obligations. It is a high-leverage and high-visibility role which has broad visibility across the entire organization.

What you will do
Develop high-quality and reliable software using Retool, Python, Django, React, and other relevant languages and frameworks
Design, build, ship tools that support the whole company
Build relationships with teams across engineering, sales, and support, to understand their needs and help improve their day-to-day workflows
Work with a variety of internal teams to translate high-level business requirements into a software design; communicate the designs to the other developers in the team
Serve as the technical lead for your team and drive critical projects & large initiatives
Provide technical mentorship for junior engineers on your team to help them grow in their technical responsibilities and remove blockers to their autonomy
Evolve Rippling’s automation story as we continue to scale
What you will need
8+ years of proven experience as a backend engineer
Public Cloud Platforms (AWS, GCP, etc)
Infrastructure engineering
Preferred experience with relevant languages & frameworks: Python, Django, React, Typescript
Previous experience building tools is a plus
Previous experience with Retool also a plus
Additional Information

Rippling is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected characteristics, Rippling is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities who need assistance during the hiring process. To request a reasonable accommodation, please email accomodations@rippling.com

Rippling highly values having employees working in-office to foster a collaborative work environment and company culture. For office-based employees (employees who live within a 40 mile radius of a Rippling office), Rippling considers working in the office, at least three times a week under current policy, to be an essential function of the employee's role.
This role will receive a competitive salary + benefits + equity. The salary for US-based employees will be aligned with one of the ranges below based on location.
A variety of factors are considered when determining someone’s compensation–including a candidate’s professional background, experience, and location. Final offer amounts may vary from the amounts listed below.
Role: Software Developer Location: Carrollton, TX (On-site) Looking for Software Developer in Carrollton, TX area who can Design, develop, test, implement, requirements analysis, support using Object oriented Methodologies and Java/J2EE technologies. Involve in all SDLC including Scrum, Sprint & Waterfall. Experince in Scripting languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, JSP, Sprint MVC. Involving in DevOps streamlining process through Jenkins, CI/CD Release Automation and related technicalities. Req: MS in Computer Science. SHOULD BE WILLING TO TRAVEL/RELOCATE TO CLIENT SITES THROUGHOUT THE US Email: hr@tekninjas.com, Tek Ninjas Solutions, LLC, 4425 Plano Pkwy, Ste#1402, Carrollton, TX 75010.
Status: Now Accepting Applications
Company: Galliano Marine Service
16201 East Main Street
Cut Off, LA 70345
Email: jobs@chouest.com
Interviews will be completed virtually with selected candidates via Google Meet or Zoom.
Responsibilities
The software developer will:
Research, design, implement, and manage software programs.
Test and evaluate new programs.
Identify areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently develop these modifications.
Write and implement efficient code.
Determine operational practicality.
Train and support end users.
Develop quality-assurance procedures.
Deploy software tools, processes, and metrics.
Maintain and upgrade existing systems.
Work closely with other developers, UX designers, businesses, and systems analysts.
Direct and participate in programming activities, monitor and evaluate system performance, and design and implement new programs and features.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or similar field
Technical background with related experience in software development and support
Strong grasp of object-oriented programming and the use of various design patterns
.Net Framework, ASP.net, WCF, and Angular
C#, HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript
Database development and administration experience with MS Sql and T-Sql
Experience with full project lifecycle (requirements gathering, engineering/documentation, development, testing, deployment, and maintenance)
Strong communication skills
Strong problem-solving skills
The Edison Chouest Offshore family of companies is committed to ensuring all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law with regard to any employment practices. We are dedicated to ensuring all employees are treated with the utmost level of respect as we believe this is the strongest foundation to build upon to foster an environment where employees feel comfortable handling their assignments, sharing their ideas, and pointing out opportunities for improvement.
ECO offers competitive pay and a comprehensive benefits package including a 401(k) match.
Calling all innovators - find your future at Fiserv.
We're Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments, and we move money and information in a way that moves the world. We connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants and consumers to one another millions of times a day - quickly, reliably, and securely. Any time you swipe your credit card, pay through a mobile app, or withdraw money from the bank, we're involved. If you want to make an impact on a global scale, come make a difference at Fiserv.
Job Title
Senior Data Platform Engineer
Staff Data Engineer
Job Description
Join the Fintech and SaaS revolution that is helping small businesses grow faster and get the technology and insights previously available only to the “big guys.”
At Clover, you will be part of an entrepreneurial team working in a fast-paced and rapidly growing environment, with the benefits of a parent company, Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments enabling innovative financial services experiences that are in step with the way people live and work today!
At Clover, we deliver the leading Point of Sale system with an elegant end-to-end solution that incorporates beautiful devices, cloud-based POS software, payments processing, platform API’s for third-party developers, and an ecosystem with over 220 apps.
The Clover platform delivers solutions in a scalable and modular fashion that powers tiny merchants through large football stadiums, supporting millions of transactions daily. We are looking for self starters with a passion for security technology who want to help us impact millions of merchant’s lives one transaction at a time.
What does an exceptional Staff Data Engineer do?
As a Data Engineer, you will be a part of a small but growing team of hardworking people responsible to lead the Data platform initiatives at Clover and establish a scalable and streamlined Data ops culture across all Clover engineering teams. Work with cross functional teams to establish Data governance, Data pipelining standards, client facing reporting enhancements and other analytical or data needs including integration with BI tools
As a Staff Data Engineer, you can look forward to:
Being the shepherd in establishing Snowflake Governance across several business units.
Design, development, implementation and maintenance of varied ETL/ELT data platform solutions and related data models.
Leveraging BI tools like Sigma atop Snowflake to create analytical insights for business critical flows.
Collaborate with engineering, product development and test engineers to understand data requirements and translate them into effective data solutions.
Optimize data structures, database performance, rewrite queries for optimization to ensure efficiency and scalability.

Basic Qualifications for consideration:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field
5+ years of Data engineering experience
5+ years of experience with MySQL or similar relational databases
3+ years of experience with Snowflake or similar analytical databases
3+ years of experience with building data pipelines and data models
Experienced in the day-to-day practicalities of Software Development Lifecycles such as Scrum.
Preferred Qualifications for consideration:
Understanding of databases (MySQL preferred)
Experience writing efficient SQL queries including multi-table joins
Experience with a cloud platform, preferably Google Cloud
Python scripting experience
Data warehouse experience (Snowflake preferred)
Data analysis/reporting/mathematics background
Salary Range
$128,800.00 - $219,000.00
These pay ranges apply to employees in New York and California. Pay ranges for employees in other states may differ.
Thank you for considering employment with Fiserv. Please:
Apply using your legal name
Complete the step-by-step profile and attach your resume (either is acceptable, both are preferable).
What you should know about us:
Fiserv is a global fintech leader with 40,000-plus (and growing) associates proudly serving clients in more than 100 countries. As a FORTUNE™ 500 company, one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies, and a top scorer on Bloomberg’s Gender-Equality Index, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion:
Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce that reflects our world. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by law.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Warning about fake job posts:
Please be aware of fraudulent job postings that are not affiliated with Fiserv. Fraudulent job postings may be used by cyber criminals to target your personally identifiable information and/or to steal money or financial information.
Any communications from a Fiserv representative will come from a legitimate business email address. We will not hire through text message, social media, or email alone, and any interviews will be conducted in person or through a secure video call. We won’t ask you for sensitive information nor will we ask you to pay anything during the hiring process. We also won’t send you a check to cash on Fiserv’s behalf.
If you see suspicious activity or believe that you have been the victim of a job posting scam, you should report it to your local FBI field office or to the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center.
Title:
Applications Developer

Department:
CRM & Student Services

Reports To:
Assistant CIO-CRM and Student Information Systems

Position Type:
Staff

Position Summary:
The Application Developer will be responsible for assisting with the development of technology solutions as part of the CRM and Student Information Systems team, in coordination with the Assistant CIO for CRM and Student Information systems and collaborating with technical leads within the Information Services & Technology division at NJIT. This individual will be able to work on fairly complex application design and development assignments with minimal supervision. A self-starter, with a proven ability to learn new technology, this individual will work as part of a cross functional team, including technical and business representatives. The individual will need to operate with tight deadlines and be capable of handling multiple assignments concurrently, negotiating priorities with input and assistance of their manager. The individual will provide functional and technical guidance to less experienced developers, including student interns, and train campus partners on new technology, as needed. The successful candidate will keep abreast of emerging technology trends, and take an active interest in professional development to ensure their skills stay current. All duties will need to be performed in accordance with university policies, procedures and core values.

Essential Functions:
Install, configure, develop, maintain and support software applications that include third party vendor solutions, cloud hosted application, and in-house developed applications.
Prepare detailed software specifications working with business and academic users; design, develop, test, troubleshoot, and diagnose problems, evaluate results and resolve issues; maintain and document software applications, job control procedures, process workflows, user interfaces and new features of the university's enterprise application systems.
Respond to incidents, service outages and service requests in a timely manner and collaborate with team members within the Information Services & Technology division, campus partners and vendors.
Provide technical support of enterprise applications.
Support enterprise applications in accordance with established NJIT standards, policies and procedures.
Maintain application security standards and implement application security controls for enterprise applications.
Interact with vendors during evaluation, implementation and operation/maintenance of vendor solutions.
Participate in prototyping and testing of new enterprise applications and solutions.
Participate in large scale systems implementations as an integral part of the team.
Provide back-up to other application developers.
Perform other duties as assigned and as needed, including readiness to support after hours and weekends.

Prerequisite Qualifications:
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
5+ years of experience implementing medium and large scale projects, and complex product integrations.
3+ years of experience developing with relational databases.
3+ years of experience with application development using APIs, web services, and technologies such as Groovy JAVA PHP PL/SQL Java script/AJAX etc.
Demonstrated experience translating business requirements into technical requirements and developing solutions to fit the business needs.
Demonstrated understanding of overall technology development leveraging cloud.
Demonstrated experience implementing version control, change control.
At the university's discretion, the education and experience prerequisites may be exempted where the candidate can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the university, an equivalent combination of education and experience specifically preparing the candidate for success in the position.

Preferred Qualifications:
A Master's degree in computer science, information systems or a related field.
Experience working with ERP systems, preferably Banner.
Experience working with integration (iPaaS) platforms, and RPAs.
Experience with ITIL practices for IT service management.
Experience developing with business intelligence tools like Cognos or Tableau.

Bargaining Unit:
PSA

Range/Band:
28

FLSA:
Exempt
Full-Time

As an EEO employer NJIT is committed to building a diverse and inclusive teaching, research, and working environment and strongly encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, and women.
As a Minority Serving Institution and Asian-American and Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institution, diversity is a core value of NJIT and we are committed to making diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging, part of everything we do. We celebrate the diversity of our university community and recognize the cultural and personal differences each member of the community brings to NJIT. We strive to cultivate an inclusive campus culture that promotes excellence among our faculty, staff, and students. Building a robust and diverse community is critical to NJIT’s continuing status as a premier institution of higher education and a leading polytechnic university.
Employment at NJIT is subject to the provisions of New Jersey First Act which mandates new employees, who are not NJ residents, to establish primary residence in New Jersey within one year of their appointment to certain positions. The law does not apply to any individual employed at NJIT on a temporary or per semester basis as a visiting or adjunct professor, teacher, lecturer, researcher or administrator. For more information on the act
If special accommodations are needed in applying for a position, please visit the Department of Human Resources located in Fenster Hall, Room 500, University Heights, Newark, NJ 07102 or call (973) 596-3140. If you have questions, please email the Human Resources Department at hr@njit.edu.
Information regarding NJIT campus security, personal safety, and fire safety including topics such as, disciplinary procedures, crime prevention, NJIT Police law enforcement authority, crime reporting policies, and crime statistics for the most recent three year period is available on the NJIT Department of Public Safety here.
NJIT is an E-Verify employer and uses E-Verify to confirm work authorization of each new hire.
Java Developer - Assistant Vice President
Job ID: R0092985
Listed: 2023-10-05

Regular/Temporary: Regular

Location: Cary

Position Overview
Job Description:
Job Title: Java Developer
Corporate Title: Assistant Vice President
Location: Cary, NC
Overview
The Cary development center has 60+ challenging Java and UI orientated roles. Server-side apps seek strong core Java with Spring and micro-services a plus. Full stack apps seek React or Angular with UX and micro frontends a plus. Kotlin and Scala roles are also available for those taking their Java Virtual Machine (JVM) skills to the next level. Engineers focusing on robust software development using CI/CD pipelines and behavior driven development (BDD) / test driven development (TDD) are especially welcome.
We offer unbounded technical growth with 65 teams in the center solving a large variety of business and technical problems using on premise Kubernetes and Google (GCP) cloud infrastructure, if you have proven experience in some of these and are excited to learn others, we will offer further training.
What We Offer You:
We offer competitive health and wellness benefits, empowering you to value life in and out of the office
An environment that encourages networking and collaboration across functions and businesses
Conveniently located nature trails, accessible year-round
Return to Office:
It is the Bank’s expectation that employees hired into this role will work in the Cary office in accordance with the Bank’s hybrid working model
Deutsche Bank provides reasonable accommodations to candidates and employees with a substantiated need based on disability and/or religion
Hear from our people and look inside our office: DB@The Muse
Your Key Responsibilities:
Leverage the right design patterns, algorithms, and Java frameworks to develop scalable, robust applications of which you are proud
Work within an agile development lifecycle focusing on business outcomes
Build automation to support a continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) pipeline to production
Contribute to the wider engineering community sharing designs, ideas, and experience of Java frameworks
Your Skills and Experience:
Strong, demonstratable development experience in Java and/or other Java Virtual Machine (JVM) languages
Spring (especially Spring Boot) and REST experience preferable. Micro-service or micro front end experience preferable
React/Angular or another JavaScript framework preferable. TDD and BDD experience preferable
Experience with CI/CD frameworks (such as Jenkins) and build tools (gradle, maven) preferable
Containerized (Docker, Kubernetes) or cloud experience (GCP) preferable. Kotlin, Scala experience optional
Expectations
It is the Bank’s expectation that employees hired into this role will work in the Cary office in accordance with the Bank’s hybrid working model.

The salary range for this position in Cary is $95,000 to $140,000 . Actual salaries may be based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, a candidate’s skill set, experience, education, work location and other qualifications. Posted salary ranges do not include incentive compensation or any other type of renumeration.
Deutsche Bank provides reasonable accommodations to candidates and employees with a substantiated need based on disability and/or religion.
Deutsche Bank Values & Diversity
We believe talent is found in all cultures, countries, races, ethnicities, genders, sexual orientations, disabilities, beliefs, generations, backgrounds, and experiences. We pursue a working environment where everyone can be authentic and feel a sense of belonging. Click here to find out more about our diversity and inclusion efforts.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.
Click these links to view the following notices: EEO is the Law poster and supplement ; Employee Rights and Responsibilities under the Family and Medical Leave Act ; Employee Polygraph Protection Act and Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision
Learn more about your life at Deutsche Bank through the eyes of our current employees: https://careers.db.com/life
The California Consumer Privacy Act outlines how companies can use personal information. If you are interested in receiving a copy of Deutsche Bank’s California Privacy Notice, please email HR.Direct@DB.com .
Deutsche Bank Benefits
At Deutsche Bank, we recognize that our benefit programs have a profound impact on our colleagues. That’s why we are focused on providing benefits and perks that enable our colleagues to live authentically and be their whole selves, at every stage of life. We provide access to physical, emotional, and financial wellness benefits that allow our colleagues to stay financially secure and strike balance between work and home. Click here to learn more!
#LI-HYBRID
#LI-REMOTE
#LI-ONSITE
Our values define the working environment we strive to create – diverse, supportive and welcoming of different views. We embrace a culture reflecting a variety of perspectives, insights and backgrounds to drive innovation. We build talented and diverse teams to drive business results and encourage our people to develop to their full potential. Talk to us about flexible work arrangements and other initiatives we offer.
We promote good working relationships and encourage high standards of conduct and work performance. We welcome applications from talented people from all cultures, countries, races, genders, sexual orientations, disabilities, beliefs and generations and are committed to providing a working environment free from harassment, discrimination and retaliation.

Visit Inside Deutsche Bank to discover more about the culture of Deutsche Bank including Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, Leadership, Learning, Future of Work and more besides.



We are an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. Click these links to view the following notices: "EEO is the Law poster" and supplement ; Employee Rights and Responsibilities under the Family and Medical Leave Act ; Employee Polygraph Protection Act and Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision .
Position Summary:
As a Software Developer you will be developing software for an advanced synthetic training environment. This software is integrated into flight simulators to support pilot training against potential threats. You will support software development, software integration, customer training and demonstrations.
**MUST BE A US CITIZEN**

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Duties include , but not limited to:
Works with software programmers to develop and refine simulation presentation of real-world ELINT parametric data.
Works with SMEs using the EWIRDB database for complex waveforms analysis associated with a wide range of red and blue force systems.
Works with SMEs for signal translation of waveform data into a descriptive and behavioral modeling & Simulation language for Development and Test.
Participate in software test activities to include test procedure creation and test plan development.
Collaborate with team members to design future enhancements
Requirements:
Minimum Requirements

Knowledge and Skills
The required skills and knowledge include:
Minimum of 3 years software development experience working with Electronic Warfare (EW) systems.
Minimum 4 years’ experience with scripting, database programming and languages such as Modern C++, Python, and Lua.
Minimum 3 years’ experience working with Electronic Warfare integrated reprogramming database (EWIRDB). Basic radar modeling experience.
Education
The minimum level of education required is:
BS in Computer Science or Engineering.
Degrees in Information Technology, Mathematics, Physics, or Aerospace, Computer, Software Systems, Electrical, Electronic, Mechanical Engineering may qualify with at least 3 year of C++ experience.

Desired Requirements

The desired skills, knowledge, and education include:

Experience with scripting, database, and programming in Python 3, and HTML
Knowledge of threat system analysis and sensor modeling of radars, electronic warfare (EW) systems, countermeasures, electro-optical and infrared (EO/IR) systems, and various weapons.
Knowledge of standard programming algorithms, design patterns, and object-oriented software design

Other Qualifications

Outside of the above, other certifications, licenses, or clearances include:
Must have an active DoD Secret security clearance.
Special Note:
The position is contingent upon candidate’s ability to meet physical and medical requirements as needed by the position; including compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local jurisdictional requirements.
Government or customer site-specific requirements may include, but are not limited to, proof of full COVID-19 vaccination status, except in circumstances where a candidate is legally entitled to an accommodation.
Company Policy:
MAG Aerospace (MAG) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and is committed to Diversity and Inclusion. We encourage diverse candidates to apply to our positions.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
Click below for the “EEO is The Law” and “Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination” supplement posters.

https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters

MAG Aerospace (MAG) is committed to providing an online application process that is accessible to all, including individuals with a disability, by offering an alternative way to apply for job openings. This alternative method is available for those who cannot otherwise complete the online application due to a disability or need for accommodation.
MAG provides reasonable accommodation to applicants under the guidance of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam-Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, and certain state and/or local laws.

If you need assistance due to a disability, please contact the MAG Aerospace Recruiting email:
Applicant.Assist@magaero.com or call (703) 376-8993.
Job Location:Piscataway, NJ + unanticipated locations throughout the US
Job duration: Permanent position, Full Time, Mon - Fri, 40 hours per week
Number of openings: 5
Job description: Responsible for app design & development using Java Technologies (Core Java, J2EE, Web Services, Rest API., Multi-Threading, Collections), RDBMS, Kafka, AWS, Micro Services & Data Structures. Implement cloud services IAAS, PAAS & SaaS, which include OpenStack, Docker, and OpenShift. Work on Software Configuration Management (SCM) processes, including compiling, packaging, deploying & app configurations. Develop user interface. Work in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations & Flux concepts. Deploy Java apps to application servers in an agile continuous integration environment. Perform code reviews of the team, and provide feedback. Will work in unanticipated locations throughout the US.

Education and experience required:
Bachelor's degree or its foreign equivalent in CS, IT, CIS, Engg (any), Electronics, Electrical or related field + 60 months experience as S/W Engineer/Developer, Consultant/Associate/Lead or related occupation + Will work in unanticipated locations throughout the US. Skills required: Core Java, J2EE, Web Services, Rest API, RDBMS, Kafka, AWS, IAAS, PAAS, SaaS

Mail resume – Attn: Srinivas Bompalli, PROWISE SOLUTIONS INC. 15 CORPORATE PL S, STE 419D PISCATAWAY, NJ 08854 OR Email at hr@prowisesolutions.com

ProWise Solutions, Inc.
15 corporate Place South
Suite 419D Piscataway,
NJ, USA.
Full Stack Java Developer
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Message
Share


Category
Information Technology


Job Location
Alexandria, Virginia


Tracking Code
CMA 4707-585


Position Type
Full-Time/Regular


CALIBRE, an employee-owned Management Consulting and Digital Transformation Company, is looking for a highly motivated Full stack Engineer to join our team supporting a DoD Client. The candidate will be responsible for full-stack Java web development, including system development activities such as requirements definition, design, development, testing (verification/validation), implementation, deployment, quality assurance and client/customer support for several applications. Candidates should be self-directed, confident, able to perform tasks of moderate to high complexity, and able to mentor and assist junior team members to solve technical problems.
Candidates MUST have an active secret clearance.
Responsibilities:
Perform requirements analysis, software design, development, installation, testing, and maintenance for application system components
Work across the full stack, building highly scalable distributed solutions that enable positive user experiences
Participate in all aspects of agile software development, including design, implementation, and deployment
Perform full-stack web development
Write and update SQL scripts in building applications, packages, triggers, stored procedures and functions.
Assist in planning and coordinating large-scale, complex, or technically unique projects that require the efforts of multiple technical individuals.
Maintain and update project documentation.
Assist other members of the team in solving technical problems
Participate in improving the software development processes used on the engagement.
Research tools and technologies that would enhance the engagement


Required Skills
Bachelor’s degree in one of the following areas or accredited discipline: Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Technology, Engineering or 6 years in a position in the industry
Familiarity with MySQL, SQL Server and PostgreSQL, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Python, html, APIs, MongoDB, and Oracle Database
Familiarity with AWS Cloud Services
Familiarity with agile methodologies and Jira.
Able to work independently on several concurrent tasks with changing priorities
Must have and maintain an active secret clearance


Required Experience
5-7 years hands on experience
Active Secret Security Clearance
Must be a US Citizen


CALIBRE and its subsidiaries are an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports transitioning service members, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. To be considered, please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com. Come join our dynamic team. #CALIBRECareers
Today, eighty percent of the world's population lacks access to MRI. Hyperfine is on a mission to address the limitations of current imaging technologies and make MR imaging accessible anytime and anywhere.
Do you have a background in magnetic resonance imaging, deep learning, electrical engineering, physics, or related fields? What about health equipment sales, business development, or marketing? Hyperfine lives and works on the cutting edge of medical imaging accessibility. If you enjoy a challenge as much as you value a committed workplace, we could be the next step in your rising career.

Position Title: Sr. Software Engineer (Core)
Position Location: Guilford, CT (onsite)

The Senior Software Engineer (Core) is responsible for the planning, design, architecture and development of the Core software for the Device software platform that powers our portable MRI. The individual in this role will work closely with the Front-End software developers and integrate UI requirements with backend software. The primary developments will begin with the MRI device and its UI requirements, but a common User experience (UX) is desired. As a member of the Device Software Team, this position also partners effectively with cross-functional teams to ensure requirements are identified, designed, communicated, and developed in a timely and accurate manner.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Architect and design reliable software for Hyperfine Swoop fault-intolerant applications
Select toolset and design/develop software architecture for Swoop device back-end (Python) to support front-end (JavaScript) API
Develop plans and solutions to deliver functional productized API for the device, including integration with the device back-end
Create modern, efficient, elegant, and scalable code
Follow our QMS guidelines to meet quality and regulatory requirements
Add/update those items in the SCM (Supply Chain Management) system repository (e.g., GitHub), and provide clear messages of changes
Partner effectively with cross-functional teams (Cloud, Imaging, Diagnostics, Core, and ID) to ensure timely completion of project deliverables
Perform other duties as needed and assigned
KNOWLEDGE & SKILL:
Ability to lead complex projects
Proficiency with Python and JavaScript
General knowledge of WebSocket
Communicate status of all responsible projects both in writing and verbally
Ability to operate in a highly collaborative, hybrid environment (onsite and virtual teams)
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field (or equivalent experience)
8+ years' experience designing and building software applications
3+ years' Python language programming experience
Experience with new product development
Experience with software revision systems, (e.g., git and continuous integration systems)

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with React-type architectures
Experience with Agile methodologies
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
Ability to speak, write, and use all office equipment including scanner and printer, phone, computer, etc.

Applicants must be authorized to work for ANY employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visas at this time.

Applicant Privacy Notice
Scope and Overview
This Applicant Privacy Notice describes how and when Hyperfine, Inc. collects, uses, shares, and updates personal information from individuals who wish to be considered for employment.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
For purposes of this Applicant Privacy Notice, personal information means any information that identifies or can be used to identify an individual. Personal information excludes anonymous or de-identified data that are not associated with a particular individual. To carry out our recruitment activities, we collect, store, and process the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers such as name and contact information, including home address, phone number, and email address;
Your resume, CV, or profile that includes your employment history, previous and relevant work experience or other experience, and education history;
Job openings you wish to be considered for; and
Cover letter, if you choose to submit one.
We collect the personal information that we process directly from you. In limited circumstances third parties may provide your personal information to us, such as former employers and other third parties that assist us with recruitment activities.
We use this information to assess and compare your skills, qualifications, and experience against other candidates and consider your candidacy for employment at Hyperfine; communicate with you about the recruitment process, your application, recruitment events, and other potential career opportunities at Hyperfine; inform our internal analysis and reporting on our hiring practices and make improvements to our application and recruitment process; for security and fraud detection purposes; and to comply with legal obligations.
As part of our recruitment process, we may also request verification information such as citizenship, work permit status, government-issued identification, and date and place of birth. We will use this information to verify your information and identity; conduct background checks; confirm your eligibility to work at a particular Hyperfine office; confirm that there are no potential conflicts of interest issues in hiring you; and begin the on-boarding process if you are hired by Hyperfine. In addition, where requested by you, we will use this information to assist you with obtaining an immigrant visa or work permit, if required.
You may also voluntarily self-identify certain additional personal information such as your gender, race or ethnic origin, or veteran's status. While we will not ask you for this type of information, you may voluntarily choose to provide it during the course of your recruitment. Such information is voluntary and your decision to provide or withhold any such information will not negatively impact whether or how we will consider you for employment. We may use any such information for internal analysis and reporting on our hiring practices and to make improvements to our application and recruitment process.
Data Sharing
We share your personal information with our employees, contractors, designated agents, or third-party service providers who require such information to assist us with recruitment. Third-party service providers may include, but are not limited to, employment background check providers, recruiting partners, and other service providers that help us manage our recruitment activities. When we contract with these third parties, we do not permit them to use or disclose your information for any purpose other than the work they are doing on our behalf or as required by law.
We may also disclose your personal information to comply with legal obligations or valid legal processes, to protect the rights and property of Hyperfine, or for emergency/safety reasons. If a business transfer or change in ownership occurs, we may disclose information, if necessary, to complete the transaction.
Data Security
We have implemented appropriate physical, technical, and administrative security measures designed to secure your personal information against accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. In addition, we limit access to personal information to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties that have a legitimate business need for such access.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Information
If you would like to access, correct, or modify the personal information you have shared with us, including your contact and application information, please contact info@hyperfine.io with your request.
Deletion
Generally, we will delete your personal information after an unsuccessful application. If your application for employment is successful, we will transfer some or all of the personal information we have collected about you to your Human Resources file.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to update this Applicant Privacy Notice at any time, and we will post the latest version on our careers website at https://hyperfine.io/careers/. If we make changes to this Applicant Privacy Notice during your recruitment process that, in our sole discretion, has a material impact on your rights with respect to how we process your personal information, we will notify you via email to the email address you provided to us. By continuing the recruitment process after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Applicant Privacy Notice.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our processing of your personal information or would like to make a request, please contact: info@hyperfine.io.
Effective Date: October 29, 2021
Build amazing custom mobile responsive websites
Be part of a better culture
Vegas Website Designs is a fast growing web design agency that operates on passion, integrity and highest quality. We embrace diversity and love solving complex, big business challenges for our clients.
We are a team that works together to see each other succeed and we want people around us who work as one. We like to sharpen each other’s skills by pushing the limits and challenging our abilities. It’s our job to be the experts and lead our clients through experience and education. Giving our clients an awesome experience is key.
What We Are Looking For
This is not a remote work position. You must be able to work in our office in Las Vegas. As a Web Developer, you may work on many projects at one time from large state projects to e-commerce, so switching between tasks in a fast-paced environment is important.
We are looking for a passionate web developer who can pull from their own creativity to bring PSD mockups to life with animation and amazing user experience. But you can’t be just a great developer, you have to understand the web, usability, conversion, SEO, business objectives and how to use development to drive the goals of your client. Our design agency is about producing the best work possible, so we all work together and are very honest about our thoughts. The developer needs to realize that creating solutions to achieve goals is more important than personal interest or style.
What You Will Do
1Creation of custom mobile responsive websites from a PSD Design
2Setup and configuration of WordPress & plugins
3Work closely with our design team to define feature specifications
4Input website content; website and software updates
5Continually learn about usability, web trends and techniques to ensure Vegas Website Designs produces great, modern solutions
6Coding email and newsletter templates
Ideal Candidate Qualifications
Web development experience & knowledge (3 years experience preferred)
Extensive experience with PSD to HTML conversion
Strong experience coding in PHP, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AJAX and JavaScript
Strong experience building front-end user interface using Bootstrap 3 and strong experience with WordPress
Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to e-commerce applications
Strong mobile website development skills
Visually debug and test completed work on all browsers, screen sizes and devices
Understanding of SEO best practices
Implementation & development of APIs
Experience working with MySQL
Are You The Right Fit?
We’re always looking for smart, fun and ambitious team members driven by quality and who are never satisfied with good enough.
Location: KENDALL PARK, NJ

JOB ID 10605: Software Developer: Shivam Infotech Inc, a Kendall Park, NJ based IT Consulting and software development firm has multiple openings for 10605: Software Developer. Job duties include: Participate in all aspects of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirements analysis, software specifications and high/low level design, testing, and deployment. Performing requirements gathering and analysis, estimating time required for project completion. Develop software applications using JAVA/J2EE, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, Hibernate and Spring JPA framework. Identify modular and efficient coding approaches for complex business logic modules. Write Unit Tests to develop code and verify functionality. Develop program interfaces and integrate with applications. Migrate data and code to/from various databases. Create and maintain application development plans and test plans. Write stored procedures, triggers, views and functions. Analyze technical requirements and performing system validation. Conduct analysis of client operations, including coding, limitations and solutions, application development, quality testing and implementation. Perform QA, UAT and production support. Participate in on-call production support and responding to application issues when identified. Collaborate with peers, reviewing complex change and enhancement requests. Responsible for supporting maintenance activity and ensuring 100% post maintenance availability of the application and resolving issues based on priority. Requirements: Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, IT, Info Sys or related with at least 6 months of experience. Salary ranges between $133,390 to $135,000/year. Send resume to: hr@shivamusa.com including the JOB ID. Travel and relocation to various unanticipated client locations throughout the United States may be required. Equal Opportunity Employer.

Email resumes to hr@shivamusa.com. No calls please. EOE
Calling all innovators – find your future at Fiserv.
We’re Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments, and we move money and information in a way that moves the world. We connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants, and consumers to one another millions of times a day – quickly, reliably, and securely. Any time you swipe your credit card, pay through a mobile app, or withdraw money from the bank, we’re involved. If you want to make an impact on a global scale, come make a difference at Fiserv.
Job Title
Software Developer
Must be legally eligible to work in the United States. Visa Sponsorship will not be provided for this position.
Business Description:
Analyze technical and business procedures, assisting/driving in the development of detailed specifications from which programs will be written. Develop, code, test, debug, maintain, modify, and install computer software. Recommends major changes in procedures and software development activities.
Position Purpose:
Defining, developing, testing, and supporting technical and architectural solutions in complex environments that support Bank Solutions product strategies and address the market needs of Fiserv clients and their customers. This is a full-time position in a highly collaborative environment working with other skilled software professionals to deliver high quality software to help clients improve the way they do business.
Essential Job Responsibilities:
Lead in developing complex applications based upon technical and functional specifications.
Assisting in the development of and adhering to technical and functional standards
Under limited direction, research, define, & complete required additions and changes to financial software products
Under limited direction, analyze technical specifications for creation of new or enhancing existing applications for compatibility with other systems
Participate in strategic planning sessions and technical discussions and demonstrate the ability to assist in translating ideas into technical designs
Technologies and Principles:
Knowledgeable in object-oriented software design patterns, development, data modelling, and SOLID principals
Experience with C#, VB.net, and supported .NET frameworks.
Experience with JavaScript and frameworks including React, AngularJS, or ASP. Net
Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and automated functional testing: X-unit, N-unit, Selenium, Playwright, MS-Test, Test Café, etc.
Knowledge of secure coding practices, tooling and finding remediation.
Experience with source management tools including GIT, TFS, etc.
Ability to resolve architectural problems including scalability, performance, reliability, usability & security
Additional qualifications
Associate degree in computer Programming, or equivalent education in a related discipline with 2+ years’ experience is preferred
Agile methodology, Jira and or confluence
Use of scripting, DevOps practices including CI/CD processes, containerization
Financial industry interest and or experience
#LI-AD1
This role is not eligible to be performed in Colorado, California, New York or Washington.
Please note that salary ranges provided for this role on external job boards are salary estimates made by outside parties and may not be accurate.
Thank you for considering employment with Fiserv. Please:
Apply using your legal name
Complete the step-by-step profile and attach your resume (either is acceptable, both are preferable).
What you should know about us:
Fiserv is a global fintech leader with 40,000-plus (and growing) associates proudly serving clients in more than 100 countries. As a FORTUNE™ 500 company, one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies, and a top scorer on Bloomberg’s Gender-Equality Index, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion:
Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce that reflects our world. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by law.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Warning about fake job posts:
Please be aware of fraudulent job postings that are not affiliated with Fiserv. Fraudulent job postings may be used by cyber criminals to target your personally identifiable information and/or to steal money or financial information.
Any communications from a Fiserv representative will come from a legitimate business email address. We will not hire through text message, social media, or email alone, and any interviews will be conducted in person or through a secure video call. We won’t ask you for sensitive information nor will we ask you to pay anything during the hiring process. We also won’t send you a check to cash on Fiserv’s behalf.
If you see suspicious activity or believe that you have been the victim of a job posting scam, you should report it to your local FBI field office or to the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center.
Hi-Tech Bangla Information Systems, Inc., a leading IT & Telecom Services provider is looking for a Software Developer to join our team. The ideal candidate will be able to function effectively with limited oversight. Our team includes some of the brightest minds in the industry and we hope to add you to our roster. We offer excellent benefits and competitive salary.
Job Description :
Gather Customer requirements to determine, recommend, and plan installation of proposed software & Appliaction
Coding, editing, documentation and debugging of software based upon internal and customer requirements
Development, testing, documentation and analysis of modules or features of new or upgraded software systems, applications.
As a team member, modify existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance.
As a team member, execute implementation according to project plans and priorities.
Modify existing software to correct errors, to adapt it to new hardware, or to upgrade interfaces and improve performance.
Store, retrieve, and manipulate data for analysis of system capabilities and requirements.
Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met.
Basic Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering with 2-3 years of software development experience OR Master's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering.


Preferred Qualifications:
Proficient in one or more of software and database:
Language: C/C+/C#, Java, Python, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, PHP, JQuery, , Perl, Python, Json, SOAP, REST, .Net, Sales Force, SAP, ERP, Git, Drupal/WordPress, JSP, EJB, JDBC, SQL, XML.
Servers: Apache Tomcat, Xampp
Framework: Laravel, Spring
Related Software: Visual Studio, Php Storm, Code Blocks
Database: MySQL/MSSQL, Oracle
O/S: Windows 7 and 10, Windows 2008 Server, Linux, RedHat
If you are meeting our requirements and interested for this position feel free to send your resume to :

Contact Email : resume.it@htb-is.com
Employee Applicant Privacy Notice
Who we are:
Welcoming, collaborative and having the opportunity to make an impact - is how our employees describe working here. Galileo is a financial technology company that provides innovative and revolutionary software products and services that power some of the world's largest Fintechs. We are the only payments innovator that applies tech and engineering capabilities to empower Fintechs and financial institutions to unleash their full creativity to achieve their most inspired goals. Galileo leads its industry with superior fraud detection, security, decision-making analytics and regulatory compliance functionality combined with customized, responsive and flexible programs to accelerate the success of all payments companies and solve tomorrow's payments challenges today. We hire energetic and creative employees while providing them the opportunity to excel in their careers and make a difference for our clients. Learn more about us and why we work here at https://www.galileo-ft.com/working-at-galileo.
The role:
We are looking for eager software engineers excited to help drive our code at rapid scale for our Credit Card Authorization platform. Galileo removes the complexities of payments, so companies can focus on providing their customers with excellent card issuing and peerless digital banking experiences. On the Auth team, you will be in the middle of it all – implementing new functionality, architecting our system, squashing bugs, maintaining the health of our code, and continually growing as an engineer. You will be involved in the entire product lifecycle, from ideation through building, testing, deploying, monitoring and supporting mission critical systems. You'll face and solve a wide range of challenges: technical, product, and operational, shaping your personal growth and career along the way, as well as helping mold and grow the members of the team.
What you'll do:
Lead the development and testing of our systems and services
Engage in shaping the technical architecture of the product
Help translate product requirements into user stories and technical solutions
Deliver highly available and scalable services in a production environment
Mentor other engineers, support the technical culture, and help grow the team
Write, test, and deploy efficient, scalable code to production that impacts millions of individuals
Generate ideas for new initiatives and technologies
Communicate with project leads, product managers and other software developers
What you'll need:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field.
4+ years programming experience, ideally on a modern stack.
Experience with operating in Cloud and distributed systems
Experience with Continuous Delivery principles and techniques
Experience with DevOps and full ownership of services from development to production
Emerging ability to lead and influence a team's technical direction
Emerging ability to design resilient software components within a distributed system.

#LI-CA1
#LI-REMOTE
Compensation and Benefits
The base pay range for this role is listed below. Final base pay offer will be determined based on individual factors such as the candidate's experience, skills, and location.
This role may also be eligible for a bonus and/or long term incentives. Your recruiter will provide more information to you. All roles are eligible for competitive benefits. More information about our employee benefits can be found in the link below.
Benefits
To view all of our comprehensive and competitive benefits, visit our Benefits at SoFi & Galileo page!
US-Based Base Compensation
$118,400—$222,000 USD
Galileo Financial Technologies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, breastfeeding, and conditions related to breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, age (40 or over), physical or medical disability, medical condition, marital status, registered domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military and/or veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable state or federal law.
The Company hires the best qualified candidate for the job, without regard to protected characteristics.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
New York applicants: Notice of Employee Rights
Galileo is committed to embracing diversity. As part of this commitment, Galileo offers reasonable accommodations to candidates with physical or mental disabilities. If you need accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, please let your recruiter know or email accommodations@sofi.com.
Due to insurance coverage issues, we are unable to accommodate remote work from Hawaii or Alaska at this time.
Internal Employees
If you are a current employee, do not apply here - please navigate to our Internal Job Board in Greenhouse to apply to our open roles.
Introduction

Bring your Information Systems Experience to the Public Service Commission as a .Net Web Application Developer!
The Public Service Commission (PSC) is an independent state agency that is responsible for regulating more than 1,100 Wisconsin public utilities, which provide electric, natural gas, combined water and sewer utilities, and certain aspects of local telephone service to households and businesses throughout the state! The PSC of Wisconsin ensures safe, reliable, affordable, and environmentally responsible utility services and equitable access to telecommunications and broadband services.
The PSC is a great place to work! In addition to meaningful and rewarding work, we offer a competitive benefits package featuring:
Substantial leave time including at least 3.5 weeks of vacation to start, 9 paid holidays, and 130 hours of sick time that roll over each year.
Excellent and affordable health, vision, and dental benefits (health plan options start at just $39/month for single plans and $97/month for family plans after two months of employment)
A casual office atmosphere, flexible work schedules, and telework options depending on the position’s requirements
An exceptional pension plan with employer match and lifetime retirement payment, plus an optional tax advantaged 457 retirement savings plan
Well Wisconsin Wellness Program
A free and confidential employee assistance program that offers employees and their immediate family dependents a variety of tools, resources, and professional consultation services to support their health, goals, and overall well-being
In addition to our generous employee benefits, we strive for inclusivity and celebrate different religious holidays and cultural observances and provide flexibility for utilizing paid time off for such celebrations.
Position Summary

The .Net Web Application Developer (IS Systems Development Services Senior/Specialist) position provides professional advanced level applications IS work that supports all phases of the systems development life cycle, including research, planning, design, development, implementation, testing, and maintenance of web-based and client/server systems using an Agile methodology. This position conducts analyses, investigates parameters and develops prototypes for employing new applications development technologies into systems development projects. This position will use systems development tools and methodologies in the completion of its assigned duties, including the analysis and design of applications and maintenance of existing applications. The position will also provide on-going support of applications development software for both customers and other professional IS staff, including Visual Studio, Microsoft .Net and other web-based software.
This position will be hired at the Senior or Specialist level, depending on qualifications.
For the full position description, email Hannah Robarge at hannah.robarge@wisconsin.gov.
Salary Information

This Senior level position is in schedule-range (07-34) with an annual salary of $62,400-$84,240, plus excellent benefits. This Specialist level position is in schedule-range (07-33) with an annual salary of $74,880-$101,920, plus excellent benefits. A twelve month probationary period is required. Pay for current state employees will be set in accordance with the Wisconsin State Compensation Plan.
Job Details

Prior to any appointments for position(s) filled from this announcement, candidates may be subject to a comprehensive criminal background check.
The Public Service Commission is a registered participant in the federal work authorization program commonly known as E-Verify to verify employment eligibility of all employees hired on or after June 18, 2015.
The Public Service Commission of Wisconsin is unable to sponsor work visas for new hires. Any appointment made will be contingent on the applicant being able to prove valid status to work in the United States.
Certain positions within this Department may allow remote/work from home flexibility for a portion of their work schedule, depending on the needs of the position and the work unit. This topic and any remote work flexibility that may be available will be discussed in more detail in the interview process. For permanent positions that allow remote work flexibility, Wisconsin residency is not required. However, it is not anticipated that working outside of Wisconsin (or bordering cities) will be allowed because positions may at times need to report to office locations in Wisconsin on short notice.
Qualifications

This position will be hired at the Senior or Specialist level depending on candidates qualifications assessed during the application and interview process. Qualifications per level are listed below.
Qualified applicants at the Senior level will have experience with all the following:
Professional work experience in designing and developing web applications using ASP.NET MVC or ASP.NET MVC Core or ASP.NET Web Forms (ASPX) with C# or VB.NET.
Professional work experience with relational database design and development (such as SQL Server or Oracle).
Professional work experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery/bootstrap or a similar framework
In addition to having all of the above, Candidates at the Specialist level will have experience in the following:
Professional work experience with .NET database tools or user interface libraries (such as Entity Framework or Kendo UI.
Professional work experience with Agile Scrum and project management tools (such as Azure DevOps and GIT/TFS).
Professional work experience developing APIs or web services, and using debugging/testing tools.
Professional work experience with database reporting tools (such as SSRS, SSIS, Power BI, or other Microsoft Power Platform packages).
How To Apply

Apply online! To apply, click “Apply for Job” to start the application process. Then, you will access your existing account or to create a new account if you don’t have an account. Once you are logged in, click “Apply for Job.” Follow the steps outlined in the application process and submit your application.
Your application materials are very important parts of your application and are used during our evaluation process to determine your qualifications as they relate to the job. For instructions on how to develop and what should be included in these materials, click here. For more information on the basics of the selection process and how the State of WI ensures fair and equitable treatment of all applicants, click here. The vast majority of applicants are able to outline their background and experience in their resume in 1-3 pages. Any resumes submitted with more than 10 pages will not be considered after page 10. If this job posting requires a letter of qualifications, the same limit applies.
Permanent classified state employees who are eligible for consideration (transfer or voluntary demotion) should complete the application process as described above by the stated deadline.
Submitted materials will be evaluated by a panel of job experts and the most qualified applicants will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process. Questions related to the job and how to apply can be directed to Hannah Robarge at hannah.robarge@wisconsin.gov or 608-266-0753. For general wisc.jobs user information and technical assistance, please see the wisc.jobs Frequently Asked Questions page.
Deadline to Apply

The deadline to apply is 11:59 PM CT on January 2nd, 2024
Full Stack Developer with Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering(any),Technology or related and 1 yr. of exp to develop software using established best practices, running code and design reviews, mentor developers and escalate . Develop automation test cases to maintain code coverage and product quality. Responsible for building RESTful APIs using Java and Express. Involve in business exchanges regarding Requirements Analysis, System Module Specifications. Expertise in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.

Work location is Worcester, MA with required travel to client locations throughout the USA. Please mail resumes to 38 Front St, FL # 4, Worcester, MA 01608 (or) e-mail: [email protected]
JOIN OUR TEAM
Global Shop Solutions is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas, has offices in 7 countries and serves customers in over 25 countries covering nearly 30 different industries.
For employment verification, please email hr@gssmail.com.

ABOUT US
Global Shop Solutions, Inc. is a progressive, fast-paced and growing software company with offices in the United Kingdom and headquartered in Houston, Texas, USA. We develop, sell and service an enterprise software package for small to midsized manufacturers. We are a family owned and operated business that is dedicated to diversity and values its personnel and their lifestyles.
JOB SUMMARY
Create, modify, test and develop and enhance code, forms, script, and modules of the company's ERP software solutions based on customer requirements and business specifications. Develop appropriate software and ensure compatible hardware configuration to maximize resources. Configure and maintain important GSS ERP Menu updates. Customize and configure workflow to allow the integration of client/server applications. Design and architect software applications, etc.
JOB REQUIREMENTS
Master's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering.
Ten months of experience in position involving software engineering or development position required. Proficiency in CRM and Java e-scrips required.
SEND RESUMES TO:
HR, Global Shop Solutions, Inc.
975 Evergreen Circle
The Woodlands, TX 77380
LOCATION: The Woodlands, TX
EMPLOYMENT: Full-Time

EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
COMPETITIVE COMPENSATION
Employees at Global Shop Solutions enjoy a level of compensation that is competitive with similar positions across the industry. Although monetary compensation is only one factor in an employee's sense of job satisfaction, we understand that it is a foundational piece to any employment package.
STATE-OF-THE-ART TECHNOLOGY
We pride ourselves in providing our customers with the most innovative products and solutions available. Our team members have the privilege of working with this same high-level of technology, keeping them at the cutting-edge of performance in their field.
MEDICAL AND DENTAL INSURANCE
The health and well-being of our employees and their families are priorities for Global Shop Solutions. Both medical and dental benefit packages are offered to our employees. We annually evaluate these plans to ensure our employees receive the best coverage at the most reasonable price.
LIFE AND DISABILITY INSURANCE
As a further demonstration of our commitment to our employees and their families, Global Shop Solutions provides life and disability insurance coverage. In the event of a major illness, injury or tragedy, our employees have a safety net in place to provide for their loved ones.
401(K) PLAN
With the long tenure of so many of our employees, our 401(k) plan is an important and valuable asset to the Global Shop Solutions compensation package. As an employer, we believe in contributing not only to our employee's present needs, but also to their future.
PAID VACATION AND HOLIDAYS
Global Shop Solutions' employees enjoy a generous offering of paid time off, both for major holidays and for earned vacation time. We believe that our employees benefit from time away from their duties pursuing their personal passions and spending time with family and friends.
Who we are looking for
We are in search of a Principal Software Engineer to play a vital role in building upon the application architecture that serves AppFolio Investment Manager and surrounding domains. You are a tech enthusiast, tinkerer, and leader with a track record for shipping exemplary software at scale and inspiring others to achieve the same. You approach software development with a cross-functional, growth-oriented mindset, demonstrating an interest in and respect for all roles within our organization. Additionally, you are a security practitioner who can advocate for, justify, and navigate the networks and controls that glue our services together. In joining us, you will combine this skillset with knowledge of the inner workings of private equity investing - making you critical for us to realize our vision to streamline and automate the industry.

Your priority will be to develop technical ownership of the Investment Manager platform and seek to understand the fundamental workings of our product. Operating alongside our domain-focused full-stack engineering teams, you will iterate upon the core controls of a mature and modern codebase. You will work independently to champion technical advancements within Investment Manager and explore new relationships with other product and technical teams at AppFolio. Collaborating with our flagship product, Property Manager, you will identify and design robust systems to deliver integrated solutions for the entire Real Estate stack.
Who we are
AppFolio Investment Manager (https://www.appfolio.com/investment-manager) is a fast-growing internal startup of a successful, established SaaS company (https://www.appfolioinc.com/). We are going after the $7 trillion and growing private equity market, which largely still runs on spreadsheets and email. Starting with real estate private equity, we are helping firms build and manage their businesses with purpose-built software that enables them to do everything from investor relations to fundraising to managing the elaborate capital stacks common in modern-day deals. Alongside our sister product, AppFolio Property Manager, we are composing a comprehensive suite of solutions to lead the Real Estate management software market. This is a unique opportunity to help shape the future of a fast-growing web-based product for managing private equity investments.

Your impact
Build software solutions that change the game of private equity investment using a hands-on, direct contribution approach
Collaborate with an experienced and highly effective team of passionate engineers and product managers
Redefine platform solutions that scale with the growth of our customers
Operate in a highly autonomous team that owns the full lifecycle of solutions you build, from discovery to development to production
Talk directly with customers to understand their challenges and get direct feedback on the features you're building
Lead by example and publicly share your knowledge to foster a culture of excellence and continuous improvement
Pave the way for engineering teams by promoting and implementing best practices, optimizing the developer experience, and establishing a platform dedicated to the continuous delivery of high-quality software
Ship solutions that embody our product values of INVEST - Intuitive, Valuable, Easy, Secure, Trustworthy
Write code that reflects our technical values of SMART - Simple, Maintainable, Adaptable, Readable, Tested
Interact with colleagues in a way that supports our team values of HEART - Humor, Effectiveness, Autonomy, Respect, Trust

Must have
12+ years of experience working in software engineering teams
A relentless focus on building exemplary code
The ability to thrive with high levels of personal initiative, autonomy, and responsibility
Proficiency in communication and collaboration, with a resulting reputation for positive influence and accessibility
A security mindset accompanied by a reputation as a frontline advocate and practitioner.
Extensive experience in developing SaaS web applications and owning their security controls. Including web application user models, authentication and authorization strategies, as well as industry standards for intercommunication between applications such as Oauth 2, JWKS, etc
Mastery experience with most areas of our tech like Ruby, React, and SQL.
Proven experience working across all levels of the development stack and test automation domain.
Proficiency in navigating disparate software systems and reconciling opportunities within messaging and data schemes.
Experience with modern (AWS, GCP, or Azure) cloud software tools and methodologies, such as infrastructure as code
Experience with modern (CircleCI, Cypress, Playwright) CI/CD and automation frameworks
Excellent collaboration skills to contribute cross-functionally and in a team setting

Nice to Have
A passion for real estate, investing, or investment management
Experience with AI/ML technologies
Experience with proptech, fintech, or vertical SaaS
Compensation & Benefits
The base salary/hourly wage that we reasonably expect to pay for this role is $175,000 - $250,000
The actual base salary for this role will be determined by various factors, including but not limited to the candidate’s skills, education, experience, etc.
Please note that base pay is one important aspect of a compelling Total Rewards package. The base pay range indicated here does not include any additional benefits or bonuses that you may be eligible for based on your role and/or employment type.

Regular full-time employees are eligible for benefits including but not limited to:
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Medical, dental, and vision benefits
Long-term and short-term disability insurance
401(k)
Wellness benefits
#LI-EB1
Full Stack C#/AWS Developer (Hybrid St. Louis, MO) Client: Bayer Term: 5/31/2024 (1 year+) Location: St. Louis, MO (onsite Hybrid) Work Status: USC / Green Card Perfect English/Communication skills Rate: $92W2 Max Requirement • 11+ years C# Full Stack Developer • 4+ years - AWS • 5+ years - C#.Net, Asp.Net Core, .Net middleware • 2+ years - Node js • React [preferred] or Angular • Filtered Test will NOT be REQUIRED/taken Must fill out to be considered Candidate Name C-Phone C-Email Years C# Years AWS GC/USC C- Location Rate W2+6.5 Fee Your email 6/23 Developer (Full Stack) (Expert) • Responsible for Software Development: analysis, development, testing and deployment. • Knowledge and experience in software craftsmanship, demonstrating curious proactive ego-less and collaborative working style. • Must be able to think through hard problems and work with an autonomous team to make them reality. • Challenge the status quo and bring new ideas. Top must have skills: • A minimum of 10 years of experience • Expert in .Net middleware • C# .Net Development - 11+ years • Asp.Net Core - 5+ years • AWS - 4+ years • Node js - 2+ years • React [preferred] or Angular Requirements: • BS/MS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. • 11+ years of experience as a .Net full stack developer • Experience designing and implementing large scale, distributed, event driven architecture/applications • Strong Experience in Microsoft C# .NET framework. • Strong in Asp.net Core, Entity Framework, Dependency Injection • Experience in Lambdas, S3, SQS, SNS, Kafka, Step Functions in AWS. • Experience with front-end web technologies (e.g., HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript) • Unit & Integration testing using NUnit, Xunit & MOQ in .Net • Experience building highly scalable Rest APIs hosted on could environment • Strong Experience designing databases in PostgreSQL(EF Core code first preferred) • Strong use of source control like GIT and understanding of GIT workflow
Full Stack Java Developer
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Message
Share


Category
Information Technology


Job Location
Alexandria, Virginia


Tracking Code
CMA 4707-585


Position Type
Full-Time/Regular


CALIBRE, an employee-owned Management Consulting and Digital Transformation Company, is looking for a highly motivated Full stack Engineer to join our team supporting a DoD Client. The candidate will be responsible for full-stack Java web development, including system development activities such as requirements definition, design, development, testing (verification/validation), implementation, deployment, quality assurance and client/customer support for several applications. Candidates should be self-directed, confident, able to perform tasks of moderate to high complexity, and able to mentor and assist junior team members to solve technical problems.
Candidates MUST have an active secret clearance.
Responsibilities:
Perform requirements analysis, software design, development, installation, testing, and maintenance for application system components
Work across the full stack, building highly scalable distributed solutions that enable positive user experiences
Participate in all aspects of agile software development, including design, implementation, and deployment
Perform full-stack web development
Write and update SQL scripts in building applications, packages, triggers, stored procedures and functions.
Assist in planning and coordinating large-scale, complex, or technically unique projects that require the efforts of multiple technical individuals.
Maintain and update project documentation.
Assist other members of the team in solving technical problems
Participate in improving the software development processes used on the engagement.
Research tools and technologies that would enhance the engagement


Required Skills
Bachelor’s degree in one of the following areas or accredited discipline: Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Technology, Engineering or 6 years in a position in the industry
Familiarity with MySQL, SQL Server and PostgreSQL, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Python, html, APIs, MongoDB, and Oracle Database
Familiarity with AWS Cloud Services
Familiarity with agile methodologies and Jira.
Able to work independently on several concurrent tasks with changing priorities
Must have and maintain an active secret clearance


Required Experience
5-7 years hands on experience
Active Secret Security Clearance
Must be a US Citizen


CALIBRE and its subsidiaries are an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports transitioning service members, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. To be considered, please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com. Come join our dynamic team. #CALIBRECareers

Company Description

A best-in-class city that attracts best-in-class talent, Philadelphia is an incredible place to build a career. From our thriving arts scene and rich history to our culture of passion and grit, there are countless reasons to love living and working here. With a workforce of over 30,000 people, and more than 1,000 different job categories, the City of Philadelphia offers boundless opportunities to make an impact.
As an employer, the City of Philadelphia values inclusion, integrity, innovation, empowerment, and hard work above all else. We offer a vibrant work environment, comprehensive health care and benefits, and the experience you need to grow and excel. If you’re interested in working with a passionate team of people who care about the future of Philadelphia, start here.
What We Offer:
Impact - The work you do here matters to millions.
Growth - Philadelphia is growing, why not grow with it?
Diversity & Inclusion - Find a career in a place where everyone belongs
Benefits - We care about your well being
The Office of Innovation & Technology (OIT) is the central IT agency for the City of Philadelphia headed by the Chief Information Officer (CIO). OIT oversees all major information and communications technology initiatives for the City of Philadelphia - increasing the effectiveness of the information technology infrastructure, where the services provided are advanced, optimized, and responsive to the needs of the City of Philadelphia’s businesses, residents, and visitors. OIT responsibilities include: identifying the most effective approach for implementing new information technology directions throughout city government; improving the value of the city’s technology assets and the return on the city’s technology investments; ensuring data security continuity; planning for continuing operations in the event of disruption of information technology or communications services; and supporting accountable, efficient and effective government across every city department, board, commission and agency.

Job Description

Under limited supervision, the developer is responsible for the design, implementation and development of the multi-tiered enterprise applications maintained by the Philadelphia Police Department Geographic Information Systems (GIS) and Business Intelligence Unit. This person helps steer the design and implementation of the overall architecture of the application suite of the unit, which includes off-the-shelf software components, and custom developed applications. This person is also actively involved in the in-house development of software components in support of low-level system administration tasks, middle-tier web service components, and front-end application development for web and mobile environment.

Essential Functions
Responsible for the development and maintenance of PPD’s PoliceGIS System, which includes custom applications as well as the MS-Azure/SQL and ArcGIS Enterprise (portal) applications.
Develop Mobile GIS enabled web applications using newer technologies such as MVC, Bootstrap, Angular 10+ and ESRI framework.
Will help coordinate the implementation of short- and long-term projects, objectives, policies and procedures for the production and maintenance of all enterprise geospatial application development related projects.
Develop software – primarily for the web, but also for data ETL processes and system admin tools
Develop and maintain enterprise web services that support mobile solutions and rich internet applications
Design and edit custom queries, scripts, macros and other methods to meet customer needs.
Proactively identify application inefficiencies and propose solutions.
Identify, create, and maintain development frameworks and code libraries.
Work closely with the team members to develop quality assurance documentation and test plans.
Optimize application delivery and performance, and continuously improve system availability.
Competencies, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Required Skills:
Knowledge of ArcGIS Server product suite (10.0 and up) and strong knowledge of ArcGIS Server client APIs is preferred.
Mobile-optimized web application development experience using JavaScript and libraries like jQuery, the ArcGIS JavaScript API and MV* frameworks.
Familiarity with cloud-hosted enterprise environments (Azure preferred)
Strong programming, using C#, or VB.NET, JavaScript and Python, including working knowledge of design patterns, threading, delegation, and event-handling models.
Experience consuming and creating APIs with RESTful design patterns Strong data modeling skills, and experience with querying relational databases such as SQL Server or Oracle.
Working knowledge of IIS web server administration: application pool tuning, SSL encryption, ASP.NET configuration
Demonstrated experience with programming low-level applications in support of Windows system administration such as windows services, .bat scripting, console projects
Preferred Skills:
ArcGIS Enterprise 10.6 and later
SQL Server 2014 and later
Feature Manipulation Engine (FME)
Windows Server 2008, IIS 7 and above
Andriod APK Framework
Familiarity with Mobile Device Management Systems (WorkspaceOne/Samsung Knox preferred)
Concepts:
Application Architecture
Application Lifecycle Management
Agile Methodologies
RESTful Web Services
Information Architecture
Web standards

Qualifications

4-5 years of related experience – Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred, but not required

Additional Information

Salary Not to Exceed: $90,000
Please submit a resume and cover letter with your application.
Did you know?
We are a Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program qualified employer
25% tuition discount program for City employees (and sometimes spouses and dependents as well) in partnership with area colleges and universities
We offer Comprehensive health coverage for employees and their eligible dependents
Our wellness program offers eligibility into the discounted medical plan
Employees receive paid vacation, sick leave, and holidays
Generous retirement savings options are available
The successful candidate must be a city of Philadelphia resident within six months of hire
The City of Philadelphia is an Equal Opportunity employer and does not permit discrimination based on race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, source of income, familial status, genetic information or domestic or sexual violence victim status. If you believe you were discriminated against, call the Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations at 215-686-4670 or send an email to faqpchr@phila.gov. For more information, go to: Human Relations Website: http://www.phila.gov/humanrelations/Pages/default.aspx
Job Posting Title:
Software Developer/Analyst
-
Hiring Department:
Department of Physics
-
Position Open To:
All Applicants
-
Weekly Scheduled Hours:
40
-
FLSA Status:
Exempt
-
Earliest Start Date:
Immediately
-
Position Duration:
Expected to Continue
-
Location:
AUSTIN, TX
-
Job Details:
Job Details:
The College of Natural Sciences at UT Austin
offers an impressive benefits package including:
Employer paid health insurance (employee premiums covered at 100%; spouse and family premiums at 50%)
Dental, vision, life and disability insurance options
Paid vacation and sick leave
Paid holidays
Retirement plan
For more details, please see:
Prospective Employee Benefits
and
My Total Rewards
. This position is eligible for a hybrid
flexible work arrangement (FWA)
. FWAs are subject to approval and may shift to meet business needs.
Must be eligible to work in the US on a full-time basis for any employer without sponsorship.
Job Details:
The experimental high-energy physics group in the Department of Physics invites applicants for a Software Developer position to develop, implement and maintain the IRIS-HEP software system ServiceX. The ServiceX project aims to provide a next generation intelligent, highly-responsive, on-demand analysis data delivery system for the particle physics experiments at the Large Hadron Collider.
Purpose:
Play a key role in development of the IRIS-HEP software system ServiceX. Work with infrastructure providers and potential users to adapt the software and deploy new instances.
Responsibilities
Direct development of ServiceX (new features, stability, release management)
Translate user/infrastructure provider needs to project requirements
Project management
Required Qualifications
Training in systems analysis and programming.
Bachelor’s degree or 4 years working in a software development position
Experience with Python
Experience in computer programming, software development or related area.
Preferred Qualifications
Familiarity with software project management. Experience participating in and leading a geographically-distributed group of software developers.
Sustained, major contributions to a software project.
Familiarity with distributed applications, micro-service architecture, and Kubernetes.
Experience with data analysis in the Python language, using frameworks such as pandas, Apache Parquet, and Awkward Array.
Salary Range
$61,500 - $63,500
Working Conditions
Work around standard office conditions
May work in a research laboratory environment
Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
Required Materials
Resume/CV
Letter of interest/Research Statement
Three (3) letters of recommendation. Letters of recommendation must be sent by the letter writer via email to
hr@physics.utexas.edu
.
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.
Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.
-
Employment Eligibility:
Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.
-
Retirement Plan Eligibility:
The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.
-
Background Checks:
A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.
-
Equal Opportunity Employer:
The University of Texas at Austin, as an
equal opportunity/affirmative action employer
, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.
-
Pay Transparency:
The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.
-
Employment Eligibility Verification:
If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original
documents
to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.
-
E-Verify:
The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English)
[PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish)
[PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English)
[PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish)
[PDF]
-
Compliance:
Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in
HOP-3031
.
The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may
access the most recent report here
or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe Street, UTA 2.206, Austin, Texas 78701.
Responsibilities
Design and create various custom applications in Salesforce.com technology.
Develop Visual force pages and controllers and customize the User Interface as required by the end users.
Develop Apex Triggers, Apex classes, Controllers and schedule Apex jobs.
Design and deploy Custom objects, Custom tabs, Entity-Relationship data model, Validation rules, Workflow Rules, Auto-Response Rules, Page layouts, Components to suit to business requirements of the application.
Work on data mapping and migration of data from legacy systems to Salesforce.com
Develop and configure various Reports, Dashboards and Report Folders for different user profiles based on the requirements of the organization.
Desired Candidate Profile
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer information systems, information technology or a combination of education and experience equating to the U.S. equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects.
Note: Email resumes to 8951 Collin McKinney Pkwy, Unit 1101, McKinney, TX 75070 (or) or e-mail:jobs@palniinc.com
Team Name:
Battle.net & Online Products
Job Title:
Senior Software Engineer I
Requisition ID:
R020577
Job Description:
Job Title: Senior Software Engineer I, Game Services Access
Reporting To: Technical Lead
Department: B&OP Engineering
Location: This role is anticipated to be a hybrid work position, with some work on-site and some work-from-home. The potential home studio for this role is Irvine, CA.
Your Mission
As a Senior Software Engineer I, you will join a tight-knit Empowered Product Team that develops scalable, highly performant, and highly available global game services. This role focus on building and improving edge services and SDKs which power player social and game systems integrated by studios across Activision and Blizzard and used daily by millions of players concurrently. This team is the entry point to Battle.net player systems and your code will be accessed by, and be running in, every major game release!
Candidates must work well on a team, have an interest in developing massive distributed systems with a strong focus on server-side C++, and exhibit a passion for creating core technology used by other engineers.
Priorities can often change in a fast-paced environment like ours, so this role includes, but is not limited to, the following responsibilities:
Contribute to the development and maintenance of C++ edge services that are the primary access point for Battle.net social and common game services
Contribute to the development and maintenance of stable, high-performance C++ and C# SDKs which are integrated with game servers and clients, used to access those services
Write SDK documentation for consumption by game developers and other integrators
Work with game developers to integrate our SDKs into their game servers and game clients
Perform research to discover new, enabling technologies and acquire knowledge necessary to complete assigned tasks
Create technical design documents and other artifacts
Participate in on-call rotation to rapidly resolve live incidents related to our systems
Troubleshoot and debug issues with our live and in-development services
Focus on outcomes, rather than output
Uphold and promote the Blizzard Core Values
Player Profile
Minimum Requirements
Experience
5 years of experience with software development in C++
Experience with Windows application or service development
Knowledge and Skills
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Skilled at writing clean, maintainable, and efficient code
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Key Attributes
Self-motivated and able to break down moderately complex tasks
Extra Points
Experience
8+ years of total experience in software development
5+ years of experience with software development in C++, including C++17 or later
3+ years of experience with software development in C#
Experience developing libraries, frameworks, APIs, and/or SDKs for use by other developers
Experience with Cloud development and infrastructure
Experience supporting a live always-on service
Experience building high-performance distributed systems or client/server applications
Knowledge and Skills
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science with a specialization in Software Engineering or Game Development
Working knowledge of MySql, Cassandra, Redis, or related relational and NoSQL databases
Key Attributes
A passion for video games and technology
We love hearing from anyone who is enthusiastic about changing the games industry. Not sure you meet all qualifications? Let us decide! Research shows that women and members of other under-represented groups tend to not apply to jobs when they think they may not meet every qualification, when, in fact, they often do! We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and strongly encourage you to apply.
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable assistance to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you are a disabled individual requiring an accommodation to apply for an open position, please email your request to accommodationrequests@activisionblizzard.com General employment questions cannot be accepted or processed here. Thank you for your interest.
Our World
At Blizzard Entertainment, we pour our hearts and souls into everything we create. Best known for iconic video game universes including Warcraft, Overwatch, Diablo, and StarCraft, we’ve been creating genre-defining games for millions of players around the world for more than 30 years. We’re on a quest: bring our dreams to life and craft the most epic entertainment experiences…ever. Hard work, iteration and polish go into the Blizzard “secret recipe,” but the most important ingredients come from talented people who share our vision. If that sounds like you, join us.

The videogame industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, among other characteristics.
Rewards
We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being for ‘Every World’ - we’ve got our employees covered! Subject to eligibility requirements, the Company offers comprehensive benefits including:
Medical, dental, vision, health savings account or health reimbursement account, healthcare spending accounts, dependent care spending accounts, life and AD&D insurance, disability insurance;
401(k) with Company match, tuition reimbursement, charitable donation matching;
Paid holidays and vacation, paid sick time, floating holidays, compassion and bereavement leaves, parental leave;
Mental health & wellbeing programs, fitness programs, free and discounted games, and a variety of other voluntary benefit programs like supplemental life & disability, legal service, ID protection, rental insurance, and others;
If the Company requires that you move geographic locations for the job, then you may also be eligible for relocation assistance.
Eligibility to participate in these benefits may vary for part time and temporary full-time employees and interns with the Company. You can learn more by visiting https://www.benefitsforeveryworld.com/.
In the U.S., the standard base pay range for this role is $101,000.00 - $186,754.00 Annual. These values reflect the expected base pay range of new hires across all U.S. locations. Ultimately, your specific range and offer will be based on several factors, including relevant experience, performance, and work location. Your Talent Professional can share this role’s range details for your local geography during the hiring process. In addition to a competitive base pay, employees in this role may be eligible for incentive compensation. Incentive compensation is not guaranteed.
Posted on: 09/08/2022
Role: Software Development
No. of Positions : 2
Job Requirement:
UI React Node.js/Typescript
AWS Server less (Lambda, Step Functions, SQS, SNS, API Gateway, S3, Dynamo DB, Aurora DB, STS, IAM)
AWS CDK w/ Typescript
CI/CD (Bamboo)
To be able to start engineering process immediately.
Comfortable with incomplete requirements. Should not be a hindrance to start
Deliver software to production every sprint
High quality software with minimal defects
QA is an engineering discipline
Set standards of high speed and quality engineering for other teams
Education
UG : Any Graduate
PG : Any Postgraduate
Email resumes to jobs@americanunit.com Location: Hyderabad, IN
.
If you are interested in applying for an open position with Tech USA Government Solutions, LLC, please send an updated resume and/or cover letter for consideration. Please note the Title of the Job you are applying for in the subject line during your inquire.
email: jobs@techusagovsol.net for consideration.

Title: Software Developer
Location: Reston, VA
Security Clearance: TS with Polygraph
Position Description:
Software developer needed to help design, develop and deliver search applications and develop new search functionality in support of vital enterprise IT applications.
Should have a good understanding of Agile development methodology, test-driven development, and search theory. The developer will be responsible for designing and implementing back-end search processes and front-end displays.
Desired skills:
Experience with JavaScript, CVS, AJAX, ANT, PKI, Tomcat, Linux, Eclipse
Experience with additional enterprise search technologies such as Lucene, Endeca, Google, etc.
Full Spectrum Laser continues to be a growing company in the field of digital fabrication. Our mission is to develop laser technology that enables the easy design and creation of beautiful physical things conceived by imagination and inspiration.

We design, manufacture, and sell powerful and affordable laser cutting & engraving machines. We are a world-class team of engineers, salespeople, marketers and operations personnel all working together in one location. We design all electronics, software and mechanical hardware in-house for the tightest alignment of engineering disciplines.

Our systems range in size from small desktop units and high volume machines to industrial-scale production equipment. Our machines are running all over the world: from grade schools to National Labs, garage startups and many Fortune 500 companies.

We're always looking for new creative talent at Full Spectrum Laser, so join a company filled with makers like yourself! If you think you've got what it takes, send an email to jobs@fslaser.com telling us about yourself and which position you're interested in. Please include a cover letter, resume, and past experience!

Full Spectrum Laser offers competitive compensation and benefits to include Medical, Dental & Vision plans, a 401K plan, Bonus Program, Paid Vacation/PTO and 9 total Holidays per year.

We're always looking for new talent to collaborate with our mechanical and electrical engineers to develop cutting-edge software for our 3D printers and laser cutters.

Responsibilities
Extend and maintain our web applications (ES6, jQuery)
Develop embedded device interfaces (WPF)
Improving, designing, and implementing the algorithms that drive our machines
Implement backend services and maintain the API (C#, .NET Core)

Requirements
Expert level experience with Javascript
Node.js, ES6, jQuery, .NET Core Web API
Ability to build products from inception to release
Remote work possible, but onsite is preferred
Desired: Working with embedded devices
Desired: Image processing and/or Open CV
Desired: Vector drawing technologies

Please include a cover letter, resume, prior salary history, and desired salary!

Full Spectrum Laser provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
Hi, I'm
Juhi Banerjee
, your Recruiter and guide to joining CSG. At CSG, you're more than your resume. We want your diverse perspective and unique background to help us enrich the work we do together. We believe that by channeling the power of all, we make ordinary customer and employee experiences extraordinary. Channel the power of YOU and begin the journey to becoming a CSGer.
What you'll do
You will report to the Director of Software Development for designing, analyzing, writing code, modifying, and debugging CSG product applications.
Perform release testing; interface with end-user to define requirements and complete technical documentation.
Assist with detailed architectural designs for software solutions and guide complex software development assignments.
Troubleshoot reported issues, ensuring the successful execution of processes.
Provide support to the user community via technical problem analysis and resolution.
Address multiple tasks concurrently and commitment to quality and customer service.
You should have
Research shows that candidates from underrepresented backgrounds often don't apply for roles if they don't meet all the criteria. Remember, you are not solely your resume. Give your transferable skills the chance to tell the full story. Channel the power of YOU and apply to explore the possibility we're the perfect fit.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Engineering, or a related field
Proficiency in English in a business environment
7 years of experience in a Software Development role.
Experience with Java, J2SE, Linux, Multi Thread Programming
Experience with MS-SQL, Tables, Views, Stored Procedures
Experience with Cloud Services such as Amazon Web Services, AWS Lambda, Python
Experience with Shell scripting, JavaScript, jQuery
Experience with · x.509 digital certificate
Experience with Design Patterns, CSS, HTML, Responsive CSS
Experience with Agile, Scrum, Git, Mercurial
Experience with Web Services – Restful, WCF, ASP.NET Web API, SOAP
Experience with Web frameworks – Twitter Bootstrap, Zurb.
Experience with Postgres SQL.
Who will love this job
A trusted team player – you know how to connect and communicate with your audience(s) around the world and create safe environments to voice diverse opinions, foster diversity and belonging and above all treat people with respect
A growth driver – you have a mindset that anticipates and adapts to changing needs and can bring partners together to contribute and work toward a shared vision
A game changer – you dream big and push the limits of what's possible to improve for yourself and others
A leader – you excel leading your own projects and produce impactful outcomes while dedicating time to mentor those around you to help them grow
A strategist – you're curious and find inventive ways to implement ideas that lead to business simplification outcomes and solutions
Perks & Benefits
Work from Home, in-office, or hybrid
Flexible Paid Vacation, 2 days of Volunteer Time Off per Year, and Holiday Time Off
Immediately vested 5.5% 401(k) match
And so much more!

If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with CSG and need special assistance due to a disability or accommodation for a disability throughout any aspect of the application process, please call us at 1 (402) 431-7440 or email us at accommodations@csgi.com. CSG provides accommodations for persons with disabilities in employment, including during the hiring process and any interview and/or testing processes.
Our Story
CSG
empowers companies to build unforgettable experiences, making it easier for people and businesses to connect with, use and pay for the services they value most. For over 40 years, our technologies and people have helped some of the world's most recognizable brands solve their toughest business challenges and evolve to meet the demands of today's digital economy.
By channeling the power of all, we make ordinary customer and employee experiences extraordinary. Our people [CSGers] are good people who are committed to doing good work. We're high on respect and low on ego, making us an easy company to do business with and a best place to work. We cultivate a culture based on integrity, innovation and impact across all our
locations
, so our people show up as the most authentic version of themselves and can work together to build a more future-ready world.
Learn more
#LI-Remote
Position Pay Range:
This range represents the low and high end of the salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary based on factors including but not limited to geographical location and experience.
$84,739.05-$135,582.48
This role is eligible for a bonus opportunity.
Location(s):
United States Remote
Application Developer - Digital Twin Builder Software
Are you a highly motivated and dedicated Application Developer wanting to join a thriving autonomous systems startup and work on Digital Twin Builder Software?

What you will be doing:
You will work in our Quantum Creator Application team that enables users to build custom Digital Twins. Digital Twins provide a complete description of an object’s underlying physical properties and how it interacts with its environment. They capture the reality of physical objects - what they fundamentally are and how they operate.
Responsibilities:
Be part of a team that makes autonomous systems and AI come to life for everyday people
Build native quality software for multi-platform deployment
Develop visual environments for physics-based Digital Twins
Build interactive physics and math editors for integrators & engineers
Develop autonomous systems user software
Build physics data visualization interfaces and experiences
Manage the architecture of cyber-physical system builder environment

About PassiveLogic
PassiveLogic is disrupting the world of automation with the first generalized platform for autonomy. Our first application for autonomy is buildings — the largest and most complex controlled infrastructure in the economy. Our culture is built on bringing together the most talented engineers, thinkers, and creatives — backed by the world’s leading investors — working collaboratively together to build the future we envision.
PassiveLogic’s infinitely configurable platform enables users to design their own custom autonomous systems. We've reinvented the fundamental principles of automation to replace legacy control logic with real-time control decisions at the edge, reducing the world’s carbon footprint, while paving the way for the future of smart cities. We are looking for team members who have a passion for technology and want to work on real-world solutions to some of the toughest problems.

You must have:
B.S. in Computer Science or related field
3+ years experience in software development
Experience with OO and MVC design patterns
Strong programming skills (e.g. JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Swift, etc)
Ability to contribute individually, architecturally, and in group/pair programming
Demonstrated capabilities to design and implement modern Web applications
A collaborative, interpersonal communication style — you’re an extraordinary teammate!
Ability to participating in a feedback-based work process to guide improvements and drive growth
You should have:
Strong understanding of physics and mathematic concepts
Strong experience with JavaScript frameworks (e.g. React/Angular/Ember, etc)
Experience with SVG programming (SVG.js, Snap.js, etc)
Experience with data synchronization of distributed applications
Experience with reactive and data-driven system architectures
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of the user experience
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills
Commitment to keeping up with and implementing the best practices
A meticulous, detail-focused work ethic while keeping the end-goal in mind
An open and flexible mindset, willing to learn and adapt to a dynamic work environment
It’s helpful to have:
Understanding of cyber-physical systems
Fundamentals of human-computer interaction design
Experience with application development
Experience with relational databases, PostgreSQL
Experience with data visualization methods
Data synchronization skills e.g. Apollo client
A background in WASM

Compensation, Perks, & Benefits for the Application Developer:
Competitive compensation
Equity share
Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, FSA, HSA, Disability, and Term Life Insurance
Flex PTO
Well-stocked break room snacks and catered lunch Monday through Friday
Free ski passes (We are at the base of Big Cottonwood Canyon)
Free National Park passes
We push our performance personally as well as professionally, and we do respect flexible hours around well-earned powder days

To apply for this Application Developer position:
A cover letter telling us why you're the perfect candidate for PassiveLogic
A resume
Extra mile — include a description of a project (of any type) you personally created, devised, built, managed, organized, or designed that was of your own self-initiative
We are looking for practitioners who are passionate about understanding people, committed to lifelong learning, and driven by the love of what they do. We know there are candidates who might not fit everything we’ve described above, or who might have experience and skills we haven’t considered. If that’s you, please apply.

Diversity and Inclusion
Diversity, inclusion, and belonging are woven into our values and everything we do. We welcome all — come as you are and bring your whole self. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity every day by maintaining a safe and inclusive environment for our employees at every stage of their careers.
Legal Notice
Unsolicited resumes sent to PassiveLogic, including unsolicited resumes sent to PassiveLogic business mailing address, email address, or directly to PassiveLogic employees, will be considered PassiveLogic property. PassiveLogic will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume.
Limited domestic travel and/or occasional relocation to multiple client locations nationwide to analyze, design, develop automated information systems and software for the directory and telecommunications industries using Java, JavaScript, Java based technologies, Cold Fusion, Oracle, Unix Script, SQL Server. Test, troubleshoot applications.

If this job interests you, please email your resume to jobs@zensoftusa.com
Software Developer with Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology, or a combination of education and experience equating to the U.S. equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop components in multiple languages and analyze business and product requirements and contribute to the overall use-case.
Participate in requirement, design and analysis reviews, provide input to the architecture recommendations.
Develop software solutions by studying information needs, conferring with Users and studying systems flow, data usage and work processes.
Documents and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
Provides information by collecting, analyzing and summarizing development and services issues.
Developing Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment pipelines using Jenkins.
Maintaining the codebase with code versioning tool Git.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment where resourcefulness, determination, and strong problem-solving skills.
Following Scrum/Agile development methodology standards.
Working with Agile process tool Jira and Application management tool ALM.
Involves in designing, developing and execution of entire SDLS Process including documentation of Project Plans, Requirements, Functional Requirement Document, Test Plan, Test Cases and Test Scripts for Web and Mobile applications.
Analyze business needs and create user acceptance tests and the appropriate documentation.
Create, maintain and run automation tests with tools Selenium WebDriver with Java or Perfect with Java on Mobile and Desktop platforms.
Test various financial application manually or/and use automation testing tools carrying out the Integration, Regression, System testing and Ad-Hoc testing.
Verify and ensure overall application works as in compliance with existing laws, regulations and Guidelines.
Work experience required for the position:
3+ years’ experience working with OOO programming languages such as Java, C#, Ruby, etc.
3+ years of experience with relational database concepts, SQL, and procedural languages; object-oriented design; Enterprise, distributed computing and WEB-based computing methods; and design patterns.
Must be well-versed with the concepts of SOAP and REST services as well as both XML and JSON message formats.
Proficient in writing automated test scripts to verify data structures, data formats and data values.
Proficient in Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) pipelines using Jenkins/Circle CI.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills as well as the ability to decompose complex problems and perform root cause analyses.
Work in a collaborative environment.
Experience with various testing methodologies and strategies: Test Driven Development (TDD) implemented with JUnit, Mock objects, Stubs, Test suites, Test harness web and Behavior Driven Development (BDD) implemented Gherkin, Cucumber.
Experience working in Amazon Web Services cloud is a plus.
Experience working with the agile team tools (Version One, JIRA, Rally).
Experience working with Eclipse IDE or IntelliJ IDE and Maven or Gradle.
Experience with various test automation tools: Selenium, Web Driver, Silk Test, QTP, Test Complete.
Experience creating and execution of load test scripts using an industry tool (Load Runner, JMeter, etc.).
Experience with Protractor, automation of tests within AngularJS applications.
Ability to self-organize, prioritize and handle multiple priorities without compromising on quality.
Technologies involved:
Java, SOAP/REST Web Services, SQL Server, Oracle, CI/CD, Jenkins, JIRA, Rally, IntelliJ/Eclipse, Maven, Gherkin, Selenium, TDD/BDD, Cucumber, Junit, JMeter, Angular, Postman, Git, Cloud.
Work location is Portland, ME with required travel to client locations throughout USA.

Rite Pros is an equal opportunity employer (EOE).

Please Mail Resumes to:
Rite Pros, Inc.
565 Congress St, Suite # 305
Portland, ME 04101
Email: resumes@ritepros.com
Requisition Id 12258
Overview:
The Web Services Group in the Information Technology Services Directorate at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) is hiring a WordPress developer to create websites to advance ORNL’s mission and support Department of Energy partner organizations!

ORNL is the largest of 17 US DoE science and energy laboratories conducting basic and applied research to deliver transformative solutions to compelling problems in energy and security.

Major Duties/Responsibilities:
Typical projects to be supported range from marketing sites to complex, data-driven websites for a large enterprise environment (6000+ employees).

Ability to work on multiple sites and with multiple customers over a sprint.
Ability to work independently while managing time effectively.
Ability to work under tight deadlines and switch quickly and comfortably between projects.
Understanding of the software development lifecycle from requirements gathering through production implementation.
Be a contributing and supportive member of the WordPress team.
Monitor and fix performance and platform related bugs as they emerge.
Play an active role in creating standard solutions, CI/CD strategy, and maintaining related infrastructure processes for the organization.
Deliver ORNL’s mission by aligning behaviors, priorities, and interactions with our core values of Impact, Integrity, Teamwork, Safety, and Service. Promote diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility by fostering a respectful workplace – in how we treat one another, work together, and measure success.

Basic Qualifications:
A Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business, Graphic Design, Marketing, or a related field of study and 5-7 years of WordPress development is required. An overall combination of equivalent experience may also be considered.
Broad understanding of the WordPress Content Management system, including core functionality and structure.
Skilled with PHP and understanding its role in the WordPress platform.
Proficiency with HTML and CSS and its role in creating consistent and scalable style across the sites and the development of design systems.
Experience working in an Agile organization and on a scrum team.
Experience in web accessibility policy, concepts, and implementation.

The successful candidate must be a highly motivated, self-starter who is comfortable working as part of a team (in any capacity). The candidate must demonstrate a strong customer focus and excellent written and verbal communications skills. A desire to continuously improve technical skills and identify opportunities where development tools meeting ORNL Standards may be used in place of non-standard tools is expected.

Preferred Qualifications:
Motivated self-starter who can work independently and to participate creatively in collaborative teams across the laboratory.
Ability to function well in a fast-paced research environment, set priorities to accomplish multiple tasks within deadlines, and adapt to ever changing needs.
Experience developing custom themes and plugins.
Skilled in using and configuring the Gutenberg editor experience.
Working knowledge of:
Git and file repo management.
Task runners such as Grunt/Gulp and NPM.
Relational database structure and concepts.
Knowledge of software development life cycle strategy, including analysis, system design, prototype development, testing, and quality assurance.
Practical knowledge of User Experience and User Interface (UX/UI) concepts and design.
Fundamental understanding of JavaScript and its role in user interface development.
Understanding of CLI programming
Understanding of CI/CD processes and its role in software development life cycle.

Special Requirements
Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
ORNL offers a flexible work environment that supports both the organization and the employee. A hybrid/onsite working arrangement may be available with this position.

Benefits at ORNL:
ORNL offers competitive pay and benefits programs to attract and retain hard-working people. The laboratory offers many employee benefits, including medical and retirement plans and flexible work hours, to help you and your family live happy and healthy. Employee amenities such as on-site fitness, banking, and cafeteria facilities are also provided for convenience.

Other benefits include the following: Prescription Drug Plan, Dental Plan, Vision Plan, 401(k) Retirement Plan, Contributory Pension Plan, Life Insurance, Disability Benefits, Generous Vacation and Holidays, Parental Leave, Legal Insurance with Identity Theft Protection, Employee Assistance Plan, Flexible Spending Accounts, Health Savings Accounts, Wellness Programs, Educational Assistance, Relocation Assistance, and Employee Discounts.

Relocation:
Moving is stressful and expensive, and UT Battelle offers a wide range of relocation benefits for individuals and families to make it easier to come and work here. If you are invited to interview, please ask your Recruiter about relocating with ORNL.

This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired.
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment.

If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov.

ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer.
Boston, MA | Contract
Full Stack Java Developer
As a Java Developer, you should have a superior software development background and be able to facilitate, design, and develop technical solutions for existing Java applications and processes. You will interact with Lead Developers, System Analysts, Business Users, Architects, Test Analysts, Project Managers and peer developers to analyze system requirements, design and develop software solutions and enhancements. Technical solutions and supporting deliverables will be constructed to enable the client to accomplish its business objectives.
Required Skills
3-6 years’ experience and development expertise in Core Java, J2EE, Soap/Restful Webservices, Spring, Spring boot, Hibernate
Should have working experience of Code Repository tools (SVN, GIT) and bug tracking tools (JIRA).
Partner with business stakeholders to ensure solution requirements and quality is honed within the development cycle.
Support existing applications and projects by responding to incident, problems, and service requests.
Experience of working in Agile methodology and TDD methodology.
Ability to Code complex problems and learn new Frameworks quickly.
Ability to successfully manage and prioritize multiple projects, generic Managerial Skills.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both verbally and written).
Benefits
Competitive Salary
401K Plan
Health and Dental Insurance
Bi-weekly Payroll – Paychex
Advanced Technology Trainings
Stress-Free Work Environment

email to reqs@topsysit.com
Weehawken, United States
Tech Hiring
3044784
Job Description
About Wipro:
Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading technology services and consulting company focused on building innovative solutions that address clients’ most complex digital transformation needs. We leverage our holistic portfolio of capabilities in consulting, design, engineering, operations, and emerging technologies to help clients realize their boldest ambitions and build future-ready, sustainable businesses. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 250,000 dedicated employees serving clients across 66 countries. We deliver on the promise of helping our customers, colleagues, and communities thrive in an ever-changing world.
A PROUD HISTORY OF OVER 75 YEARS
FY22 REVENUE 10.4 BN USD
WE’RE PRESENT IN 66 COUNTRIES
OVER 1,400 ACTIVE GLOBAL CLIENTS

Position: Cloud Infra Architect
Location: WEEHAWKEN, NJ

Required Experience:
Overall, 10+ years’ experience in software development and support.
Experience in Banking Financial industry is preferred.
Experience in legacy enterprise application modernization and containerization.
Experience in Continuous integration/Continuous delivery (CI/CD) implementations.
Experience in legacy enterprise application modernization and containerization.

Required Skills:
Azure Solutions Architect Expert, Azure DevOps Expert.
Implement the cloud migration solutions for public and hybrid cloud models.
Cloud Technologies: Microsoft Azure, Google cloud, AWS.
Programming Languages: .NET, Python, JavaScript, GO, PowerShell
DevOps: Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Maven, Git, TFS, Terraform, Ansible, Argo CD, Nexus, Nuget
Tools: Service Now, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Kafka, Grafana, Prometheus, Elastic
DevSecOps: SonarQube, Veracode, Azure KeyVault, HashiCorp Vault, OWASP
Data: Microsoft SQL server, Azure SQL, Oracle, SSRS, SSIS, Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks
Identity Tools: Azure AD, ADFS, Ping Federation, OKTA.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Any complaints or concerns regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our Ombuds Group
Cloud Infra ReArchitecting

If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements, or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please email us at helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com. Do not email your resume to this ID as it is not monitored for resumes and career applications.
Any complaints or concerns regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our Ombuds Group at ombuds.person@wipro.com

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Wipro is committed to creating an accessible, supportive, and inclusive workplace. Reasonable accommodation will be provided to all applicants including persons with disabilities, throughout the recruitment and selection process. Accommodations must be communicated in advance of the application, where possible, and will be reviewed on an individual basis. Wipro provides equal opportunities to all and values diversity.
Who is Forcepoint?
Forcepoint simplifies security for global businesses and governments. Forcepoint’s all-in-one, truly cloud-native platform makes it easy to adopt Zero Trust and prevent the theft or loss of sensitive data and intellectual property no matter where people are working. 20+ years in business. 2.7k employees. 150 countries. 11k+ customers. 300+ patents. If our mission excites you, you’re in the right place; we want you to bring your own energy to help us create a safer world. All we’re missing is you!
Job Title: Sr. Linux Software Development Engineer
Location: Office, Remote, Hybrid
About the role: We are looking for an experienced Sr. Linux Software Development Engineer to prototype, develop and integrate functional and security capabilities for new and existing products. This is a fantastic opportunity to engage in a positive and creative work environment that offers excellent benefits and flexible schedules.
How will you work? Office, OR Remote OR Hybrid
What will you do?
Design, implement & debug new capabilities for our security focused products. Learn additional development stacks to debug & support software for secure environments.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
Able to obtain a US DoD security clearance
6+ years of Linux development experience in a team environment
Strong verbal & written skills for communicating abstract & complex ideas
Helpful Skills:
5+ years of professional software development experience (prefer experience in one of the following languages: Rust or C/C++)
Linux software debugging (gdb, core file analysis, memory profiling, multithreading)
Linux administration (RHEL preferred)
Linux scripting experience (Python, Bash, etc.)
Virtual machine/Hypervisor experience
Cryptographic interfaces, IPSec & public key infrastructures
SE Linux and SE Linux policy development
Experience editing a Linux initial ram disk (initrd)
Experience using Secure Boot and configuring a TPM
Don’t meet every single qualification? Studies show people are hesitant to apply if they don’t meet all requirements listed in a job posting. Forcepoint is focused on building an inclusive and diverse workplace – so if there is something slightly different about your previous experience, but it otherwise aligns and you’re excited about this role, we encourage you to apply. You could be a great candidate for this or other roles on our team.
The policy of Forcepoint is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, citizenship status, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected status and to affirmatively seek to advance the principles of equal employment opportunity.
Forcepoint is committed to being an Equal Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including job seekers with disabilities. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the Company’s career webpage as a result of your disability. You may request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to
HumanResources@forcepoint.com
Forcepoint is a Federal Contractor. Certain positions with Forcepoint require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations or the Export Administration Regulations. Applicants for these positions may need to be "U.S. Persons," as defined in these regulations. Generally, a "U.S. Person" is a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident, or an individual who has been admitted as a refugee or granted asylum.
Applicants must have the right to work in the location to which you have applied.
Experience level: 8+ years
Job location: Sunnyvale, CA, USA

Job Description:
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our seasoned team system developers. You will be part of a team designing, integrating, testing, and troubleshooting, complex systems. We need a C/C++ software development engineer with solid object oriented programming proficiency, design patterns knowledge and ability to apply and architect appropriate solutions around this knowledge. Proficient in latest C++ standards and STL.

Must haves:
Degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering (or similar)
Experience working on hardware/software systems, with a focus on embedded software
At least 8 years previous experience with design, bring-up, test, and integration of such systems
Strong in C / C++
Experience on Linux environment

Good to have:
Experience on QT GUI Library
Good in shell scripting
IPC / Multithreading
Middleware development
Experience on C++ Standard Template Library (STL)
Knowledge of Python
Hands on knowledge of git
Knowledge of C++11 / C++14
Mac OS development experience

About A&W Engineering Works:
A&W Engineering Works’ mission is to develop and deploy innovative solutions to real world problems. We develop the entire system from front-end sensor to back-end application, and the entire analog, digital signal processing, and algorithmic data and control paths in between. Our team has expertise in hardware, software, mechanical, and system that runs both deep and wide. We tackle hard to solve problems by bringing unique innovative development techniques for fast prototyping to deliver a quick proof of concept, all the while preparing the underlying path to production.
To apply please email at jobs_CA@awengworks.com
Attach your resume and cover letter and put job title in subject line
LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER
At WelbeHealth, it’s our mission to serve our communities’ most vulnerable seniors through shared intention, pioneering spirit, and courage to love. These core values and our participant focus lead the way no matter what.
Under the supervision and general direction of Technology Leadership, this role will be responsible for working with business stakeholders, solution architects, data architects, and the Information Technology and Services (IT&S) Department to identify and define business needs that require developed technology solutions to achieve business outcomes. Working within WelbeHealth architecture standards and design patterns, the Lead Software Engineer is responsible for the development, quality assurance, implementation, and maintenance of solutions components that fulfill prioritized business use cases. This role leverages the agile life cycle for solutions deployment in all projects as well as objectively assessing quality and logistics production readiness. The Lead Software Engineer regularly and directly collaborates with the solutions architecture, security service, application management, infrastructure management, and customer service teams. Collaborates effectively with colleagues and stakeholders to promote WelbeHealth values, team culture, and mission.
Benefits of Working at WelbeHealth Apply your clinical expertise in new ways as we rapidly expand. You will have the opportunity to design the way we work in the context of an encouraging and loving environment where every person feels uniquely cared for.
BENEFITS: Health Coverage on Day 1, Paid Parental Leave, 401K Match.
PERKS: 17 days of paid time off in year one, 12 company holidays & 5 sick days
GROWTH: Career path advancement and leadership opportunities
Essential Job Duties
Adhere to WelbeHealth Agile DevOps processes, tools, and environments for requirements capture, architecture and design, construction, quality assurance, code, and documentation version control, production deployment, troubleshooting, and change management.
Ensures the features provide the security and data integrity required to meet overall department goals toward PCI and HIPAA compliance.
Along with product owners and usability designers, participates in requirements discovery and usability sessions with end users.
Ensures unit testing, functional testing, and automated testing coverage of features prior to launch.
Performs peer coding and design reviews with peer developers.
Develops design patterns and standards.
Re-write and re-engineer custom legacy applications using latest technology stack as directed by architects and technology leaders.
Adept at leveraging new approaches to solutions for system design and functionality.
Creates documentation about both the current state of software as well as historical accounts of the process.
Participates in refactoring or new technology efforts including research and communication of new design patterns for adoption by the team.
Ongoing support, maintenance, and enhancements of solutions including monitoring, performance optimization, and troubleshooting per production DevSecOps procedures.
Perform independent verification and validation of solution components constructed by peers through test case development and test plan execution to ensure production readiness.
Perform deployment logistics and documentation per WelbeHealth DevSecOps procedures.
Work closely with technology and business partners throughout solution development and delivery ensuring proper marketing, testing, implementation, and documentation.
Implement solutions following WelbeHealth best practices such as writing clean, maintainable, and reusable code with good design patterns and good documentation.
Responsible for ensuring all developed solution architecture is consistent with WelbeHealth architecture and applicable regulations, rules, policies, security protocols, and procedures relevant to WelbeHealth operations as defined by the Regulatory and Compliance, Quality Improvement, and Security teams.
Complete all required documentation in a timely and accurate manner.
Protect privacy and maintain the confidentiality of all company procedures and information about team members, participants, and families.
Follow WelbeHealth policies and procedures and participate in any required Quality Improvement activities, staff training, and meetings.
Job Requirements:
Minimum of 10 years of experience in object-oriented software development and maintenance using any programming language like C#, .Net Core, Razor Pages.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with React.js UI.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with structured database technologies like Azure SQL Server, etc.
Minimum 5 years’ experience with REST APIs.
Minimum 2 years’ experience with NoSQL database namely Azure Cosmos DB.
Minimum 2 years’ experience with Azure Cloud.
Minimum 2 years’ of experience in DevSecOps
Understanding of how to implement solutions with multiple data sources.
Experience with Azure API Apps, Azure Logic apps, Azure Functions, and REST services.
Experience writing manual/automated test cases using NUnit.
Understanding of Azure Data Factory is a plus.
Understanding of Release Management principles with experience working in a strongly structured environment of managing release levels and deployments will be highly valuable.
Experience in managing applications on Azure.
Experience in building CI/CD pipelines for large scale application on Azure
Good Understanding about Autoscaling on Azure
Good experience in CI-CD pipeline & tools like Maven, Jenkins etc.
Intimate knowledge of the HITRUST CSF, including experience advising and assessing against all CSF domains for HITRUST readiness and validated assessments.
Experience and knowledge of healthcare operations and business processes.
Working experience in the healthcare industry, including working with the HIPAA Security and Privacy Rules and HITRUST Common Security Framework (CSF). 20230518 Lead Software Engineer.
Salary/Wage base range for this role starts at $130,000.00 -$150,000 Bonus + Equity. WelbeHealth offers competitive total rewards package that includes, 401k match, healthcare coverage and a broad range of other benefits. Actual pay will be adjusted based on experience and other qualifications.
COVID-19 Vaccination Policy
At WelbeHealth, our mission is to unlock the full potential of our vulnerable seniors. In this spirit, please note that we have a vaccination policy for all our employees and proof of vaccination, or a vaccine declination form will be required prior to employment. WelbeHealth maintains required infection control and PPE standards and has requirements relevant to all team members regarding vaccinations.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
At WelbeHealth, we embrace and cherish the diversity of our team members, and we're committed to building a culture of inclusion and belonging. We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer. People seeking employment at WelbeHealth are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member), pregnancy or other status protected by applicable law.
Beware of Scams
Please ensure your application is being submitted through a WelbeHealth sponsored site only. Our emails will come from @welbehealth.com email addresses. You will never be asked to purchase your own employment equipment. You can report suspected scam activity to fraud.report@welbehealth.com
Currently seeking software developers with experience in .NET & SQL along with familiarity in using XML, writing local APIs and interfacing with remote APIs. Must be accompanied with strong HTML and jQuery skills.



For more information or to submit a resume, email employment@bestprintingonline.com
Job Description:
Great upside opportunity for an exceptional Front-end Software Developer/Engineer in an emerging and innovative platform software company!

You will be a key contributor to a truly disruptive platform in the enterprise software space. We are at the forefront of technology and blazing new ground with a new software componentization technique that simplifies middleware and SOA development functions. We have successfully applied this innovative technology to solve challenging enterprise software development and integration problems in the past few years.

We seek engineers with commercial, enterprise B2B software development experience building rich web-based apps for enterprises. You should have experience working for software companies, not just developing websites, and will be responsible for refining requirements, developing solutions using our platform, implementing solutions, release and ongoing platform product support and testing.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILL REQUREMENTS:
BS in Computer Science
Work onsite in downtown San Francisco (Transamerica tower with full view of the bay)
Front End development specialization with the following UI skills:
Typescript (ideally independent of Angular or other frameworks)
JavaScript
Working with HTML DOM, browser (DOM) event handling, drag-and-drop, and CSS
Object Oriented Programming experience (not PHP, but rather Java, C++, or C#)

VERY NICE TO HAVE:
Developers that have worked on Platforms / Tools before (ex: Form builders, workflow development tools)
US citizenship due to government contracts
Have a desire to learn and grow your skillset
Be a team player with solid communication skills, strong time management, creative problem-solving skills, and attention to detail
Ability to directly work with and support customers
Ability to work in a high-pressure, deadline-oriented, and fast-paced environment
Experience providing customer support to users over all mediums; email, web, and telephone
Must be a self-starter and able to work with minimal supervision

Compensation: Competitive base salary, health benefits, PTO, and potential for career growth as our success continues

This job description supersedes all previous job descriptions. The job description is intended to be a tool to describe the primary purpose of the job and the KEY duties and responsibilities. The job description is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities required. Management has the right to add to or change the job responsibilities at any time. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.
University Staff
Description

University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus
School of Medicine | Department of Biomedical Informatics
Job Title: Research Analytics Software Engineer
Position: #00818532 – Requisition: #32208
Job Summary:

The Department of Biomedical Informatics at the University of Colorado School of Medicine on the Anschutz Medical Campus is looking to hire a research analytics software engineer to develop, maintain, and deploy scientific software. The engineer joins a growing software development team that supports the operational needs of the department and the research programs of its faculty. This position will provide an opportunity to develop sustainable open-source software products that serve multiple communities of users. Some will be publicly available to meet the needs of the research community, while others will be tools used internally by the department. The engineer will need to be able to select the most appropriate approach for the challenge at hand.
The engineer will need to work closely with faculty, other engineers, and other stakeholders to develop and maintain scientific software. Our software involves a wide variety of disciplines, such as machine learning, statistics, medicine, and biology, and takes many different forms, such as packages, web apps, web servers, workflows, and more.
Some of the projects the engineering team has worked on can be explored at cu-dbmi.github.io/set-website. Some of the topics the department and its community of collaborators research can be explored at news.cuanschutz.edu/dbmi.
Key Responsibilities:
Data Analysis
Analytical and Quantitative
Visualization and Reporting
Software Development
Containerization


Work Location:

This role is a hybrid position, with the flexibility to explore remote work options based on certain circumstances

Why Join Us:

The Department of Biomedical Informatics fosters a thriving community of researchers in the University of Colorado School of Medicine who are inventing and deploying advanced analytics and data or knowledge integration approaches. The goal of building this community is to make the Anschutz Medical Campus a leader in translating data into advances in research practice, health care delivery, and population health, and to scale these innovations to offer worldwide benefit.
The University of Colorado offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes health insurance, life insurance, retirement plans, tuition benefits, ECO pass, paid time off – vacation, sick, holidays and more. To see what benefits are available, please visit:

Diversity and Equity:

The University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus is committed to recruiting and supporting a diverse student body, faculty, and administrative staff. The university strives to promote a culture of inclusiveness, respect, communication and understanding. We encourage applications from women, ethnic minorities, persons with disabilities, persons within the LGBTQ+ community and all veterans. The University of Colorado is committed to diversity and equality in education and employment.

Qualifications:

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in software development or a directly related field from an accredited institution.
A combination of education and related technical/paraprofessional experience may be substituted for the bachelor’s degree on a year for year basis.
Three (3) years of software development, software or system engineering, bioinformatics, or directly related IT professional experience.
Two (2) years of experience in data analysis using R and/or Python with common analysis utilities (Tidyverse, Pandas, NumPy, etc.).
Two (2) years of experience with manipulating large datasets to transform, profile, sanitize, explore, analyze, and present information in a reproducible way.
Applicants must meet minimum qualifications at the time of hire.
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's degree in software development or a directly related field from an accredited institution.
Documented open-source contributions.
Two (2) years of experience visualizing complex data utilizing common libraries (ggplot, Tableau, etc.) for figures and tables in manuscripts, reports, etc.
Experience creating reusable and presentable Jupyter Notebooks or R Markdown for data analysis and processing.
Experience developing and deploying reusable and robust R or Python packages.
Experience developing and maintaining R-Shiny (or equivalent) applications.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Ability to communicate effectively, both in writing and orally.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees at all levels throughout the institution as well as with geographically distributed collaborators.
Commitment to advance diversity and inclusion.
Ability to interact with people of varying technical levels to gather requirements and convey complex technical concepts.
Ability to interact effectively and respectfully with a team of developers with complementary competencies.
Any familiarity with machine learning, statistics, medicine, or biology is a plus.
Strong analytical and quantitative skills, including the ability to understand, interpret, utilize, and present complex data


How to Apply:

For full consideration, please submit the following document(s):
Curriculum vitae / Resume
A cover letter addressing how the candidate meets the minimum and, if relevant, preferred requirements for the position.
Links to 1-3 source code repositories with open-source contributions, if applicable.
List of professional references, including name, address, phone number (mobile number if appropriate), and email address.
Questions should be directed to: Michelle Fiandra – michelle.fiandra@cuanschutz.edu

Screening of Applications Begins:

Screening of applications begins immediately and continues until position is filled.

Anticipated Pay Range:

The starting salary range (or hiring range) for this position has been established as $97,081 - $120,000.
The above salary range (or hiring range) represents the University’s good faith and reasonable estimate of the range of possible compensation at the time of posting. This position may be eligible for overtime compensation, depending on the level.
Your total compensation goes beyond the number on your paycheck. The University of Colorado provides generous leave, health plans and retirement contributions that add to your bottom line.
Total Compensation Calculator:

ADA Statement:

The University will provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities throughout the employment application process. To request an accommodation pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, please contact the Human Resources ADA Coordinator at hr.adacoordinator@cuanschutz.edu.

Background Check Statement:

The University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus is dedicated to ensuring a safe and secure environment for our faculty, staff, students, and visitors. To assist in achieving that goal, we conduct background investigations for all prospective employees.

Vaccination Statement:

CU Anschutz strongly encourages vaccination against the COVID-19 virus and other vaccine preventable diseases. If you work, visit, or volunteer in healthcare facilities or clinics operated by our affiliated hospital or clinical partners or by CU Anschutz, you will be required to comply with the vaccination and medical surveillance policies of the facilities or clinics where you work, visit, or volunteer, respectively. In addition, if you work in certain research areas or perform certain safety sensitive job duties, you must enroll in the occupational health medical surveillance program.

Application Materials Required : Cover Letter, Resume/CV, List of References
Application Materials Instructions : For full consideration, please submit the following document(s): 1. Curriculum vitae / Resume 2. A cover letter addressing how the candidate meets the minimum and, if relevant, preferred requirements for the position. 3. Links to 1-3 source code repositories with open-source contributions, if applicable. 4. List of professional references, including name, address, phone number (mobile number if appropriate), and email address.
Job Category : Information Technology
Primary Location : Hybrid
Department : U0001 - Anschutz Med Campus or Denver - 21925 - SOM-BIOMED Informatics Gen Ops
Schedule : Full-time
Posting Date : Dec 20, 2023
Unposting Date : Ongoing
Posting Contact Name : Michelle Fiandra
Posting Contact Email : michelle.fiandra@cuanschutz.edu
Position Number : 00818532
Required Skills: Postgresql • Node.js • Docker • Kubernetes • Python • Gitlab CI/CD • React
Why Rho Impact
Rho Impact-ers are inherently doers who see their work directly tied to making our communities and the world a better place. This is a place where your work will be appreciated not only by your team, but across the company, and additionally play a role in the global sustainability efforts taking shape across many industries. And we do this while providing opportunities to grow and support each other’s individual talents, passions and wellbeing. If you share these values, come join us!

The Opportunity:
Rho Impact is hiring for a compassionate, curious Senior Software Engineer to join our growing team. As a Senior Engineer, you will help guide our technical strategy, build applications, and play an important role developing the future team of software developers. We work in an energizing and dynamic industry. Our technologies vary by project, so we value flexibility and ability to lead through ambiguous situations.
About You:
You are a builder- You are an involved leader. You understand the importance of interconnected technology applications and services and apply your high standard into creating modern, intentional solutions.
You are a teammate- You appreciate strong communication skills, solving problems, and iterating to become better together. You understand that delivering the best solution to the customer requires teamwork.
You are a mentor and an eternal student - You understand that as a member of the senior leadership team you are responsible for creating pathways for success. While you support the growth of your team, you never stop learning either. You enjoy experimenting and exploring ideas. Join us and help create an impactful future!
Responsibilities
Develop products and services for advanced machine learning applications in impactful and interesting problem spaces.
Join a group of talented and friendly team members in an experienced individual contributor role (mix of architecting / building / mentoring), with potential for future people and project management opportunities.
Lead engineering projects by collaborating with team members and customers, facilitating technology architecture decisions, driving forward work streams, and releasing high quality software.
Work on all layers—designing database schemas, connecting AWS services, building python services that leverage machine learning libraries, crafting frontend features.
Requirements
8+ Years of Software Engineering Experience or relevant experience
Strong understanding of Object Oriented Programming
Experience developing in Unix/Linux environments
Experience architecting and maintaining Relational Databases
Experience with Container Orchestration Frameworks like Kubernetes
Experience building or maintaining CI/CD Pipelines
Experience building APIs
Experience building SPA Web Applications
Experience building Docker Containers
Experience with Version Control
Prior role as Software Technical Lead
Strong grasp of DevOps and willingness to assist in maintenance of company infrastructure
Willingness to mentor and assist junior engineers
Experience maintaining big data pipelines
Benefits
Ground floor opportunity to be an early member of a growing startup
Career advancement opportunities
Personal Development support
Fully remote work
Flexible Work Hours
Medical, dental, FSA, HSA and 401K benefits
Generous paid time off (vacation, sick days, holidays, personal days, parental leave)
Paid family leave (parental leave, baby bonding leave, caregiver leave)
We value your interest and we would love to hear from you!
Please send an email to jobs@rhoimpact.com with a resume that includes the following items:
Your resume.
Links to anything else you would like to share (e.g. your website, blog posts, GitHub, etc.) to paint a picture of you and your work.
A separate document in which you share why you are interested in this role and Rho Impact, in particular.
Job Description:
Position Description:
***Multiple Positions Available***
Builds and deploys applications using Continuous Integration (CI) pipelines and automated deployment tools - Jenkins. Builds scalable, resilient, Cloud-based systems. Provides application support - on-call support. Works with product management on software requirements, decomposes epics into stories, and delivers solutions. Builds and deploys Cloud enabled applications using 12 factor design. Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications.
Primary Responsibilities:
Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts.
Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms.
Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives.
Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation.
Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing.
Develops comprehensive documentation for multiple applications supporting several corporate initiatives.
Responsible for post-installation testing of any problems.
Establishes project plans for projects of moderate scope.
Works on complex assignments and often multiple phases of a project.
Performs independent and complex technical and functional analysis for multiple projects supporting several initiatives.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree (or foreign education equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Information Systems, Mathematics, Physics, or a closely related field and three (3) years of experience as a Senior Software Engineer/Developer (or closely related occupation) developing payment applications.
Or, alternatively, Master’s degree (or foreign education equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Information Systems, Mathematics, Physics, or a closely related field and one (1) year of experience as a Senior Software Engineer/Developer (or closely related occupation) developing payment applications.
Skills and Knowledge:
Candidate must also possess:
Demonstrated Expertise (“DE”) designing and developing 12 factor Cloud-compliant Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) using Spring Boot, Java, YAML, JSON, Spring Tool Suite, LISA, Wire Mock, and Postman; creating unit test cases using JUnit; maintaining contracts in the form of Swaggers; maintaining source code using Git and Bitbucket; and performing the CI of application build and deployment processes using Jenkins and Maven.
DE building User Interfaces (UIs) for financial institutions using Angular and Visual Studio; performing unit testing using Jasmine and Karma; and building responsive, accessible, and readable UIs for screen readers using Windows Eyes and Job Access With Speech (JAWS).
DE writing and optimizing database queries using PL and SQL; and implementing SQL queries using Spring Data JDBC and Spring JPA framework.
DE participating in the full Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) - performing defect tracking and fixing, triaging production incidents, performing root cause analysis, and documenting production incidents
- using ServiceNow and Jira; and monitoring Cloud applications using AppDynamics and Splunk.
Certifications:
Company Overview
Fidelity Investments is a privately held company with a mission to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients. We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients' money.

Join Us
At Fidelity, you'll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples' lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. Honored with a Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award, we have been recognized by our employees as a Best Place to Work in 2023. And you don't need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning so you can build the career you've always imagined.
At Fidelity, our goal is for most people to work flexibly in a way that balances both personal and business needs with time onsite and offsite through what we’re calling “Dynamic Working”. Most associates will have a hybrid schedule with a requirement to work onsite at a Fidelity work location for at least one week, 5 consecutive days, every four weeks. These requirements are subject to change.
We invite you to Find Your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com.

Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging.
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling 800-835-5099, prompt 2, option 3.
At Fidelity, we value honesty, integrity, and the safety of our associates and customers within a heavily regulated industry. Certain roles may require candidates to go through a preliminary credit check during the screening process. Candidates who are presented with a Fidelity offer will need to go through a background investigation and may be asked to provide additional documentation as requested. This investigation includes but is not limited to a criminal, civil litigations and regulatory review, employment, education, and credit review (role dependent). These investigations will account for 7 years or more of history, depending on the role. Where permitted by federal or state law, Fidelity will also conduct a pre-employment drug screen, which will review for the following substances: Amphetamines, THC (marijuana), cocaine, opiates, phencyclidine.
Full Stack C#/AWS Developer (Hybrid St. Louis, MO) Client: Bayer Term: 5/31/2024 (1 year+) Location: St. Louis, MO (onsite Hybrid) Work Status: USC / Green Card Perfect English/Communication skills Rate: $92W2 Max Requirement • 11+ years C# Full Stack Developer • 4+ years - AWS • 5+ years - C#.Net, Asp.Net Core, .Net middleware • 2+ years - Node js • React [preferred] or Angular • Filtered Test will NOT be REQUIRED/taken Must fill out to be considered Candidate Name C-Phone C-Email Years C# Years AWS GC/USC C- Location Rate W2+6.5 Fee Your email 6/23 Developer (Full Stack) (Expert) • Responsible for Software Development: analysis, development, testing and deployment. • Knowledge and experience in software craftsmanship, demonstrating curious proactive ego-less and collaborative working style. • Must be able to think through hard problems and work with an autonomous team to make them reality. • Challenge the status quo and bring new ideas. Top must have skills: • A minimum of 10 years of experience • Expert in .Net middleware • C# .Net Development - 11+ years • Asp.Net Core - 5+ years • AWS - 4+ years • Node js - 2+ years • React [preferred] or Angular Requirements: • BS/MS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. • 11+ years of experience as a .Net full stack developer • Experience designing and implementing large scale, distributed, event driven architecture/applications • Strong Experience in Microsoft C# .NET framework. • Strong in Asp.net Core, Entity Framework, Dependency Injection • Experience in Lambdas, S3, SQS, SNS, Kafka, Step Functions in AWS. • Experience with front-end web technologies (e.g., HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript) • Unit & Integration testing using NUnit, Xunit & MOQ in .Net • Experience building highly scalable Rest APIs hosted on could environment • Strong Experience designing databases in PostgreSQL(EF Core code first preferred) • Strong use of source control like GIT and understanding of GIT workflow
This role directly interfaces with end users and requires both strong communication skills and a strong commitment to UAT and functional testing. The SQL Developer will work with other developers and business team members in developing and supporting important applications. Developer will be responsible for ongoing development projects and supporting legacy applications. We would prefer to have this person based in Kansas City, MO, however would consider Columbus or Cleveland, OH and St Louis, MO.

Duties will include:
Attend business requirement discussion meetings, understand and analyze the requirements, confirm functional specification notes/documents before proceeding with the design and development.
Learn existing critical business application business logic and stored procedures used by the Analytics team. Make code changes in the stored procedures to implement new changes and resolve defects.
Ability to analyze and troubleshoot existing code to identify root causes of failures and to ensure functionality
Design, Develop and Deploy SSIS Packages.
Development of ETL, Reporting and Multidimensional Analytical Cube using Microsoft Business Intelligence (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) data tools.
Deliver functional work product that has been thoroughly tested from both unit and functional testing perspectives.
Follow development team’s SDLC process. Accurately estimate time required to complete projects and tasks.
Meet mutually agreed upon deadlines for completion of modules throughout the program development.
Following best practices, design and develop Microsoft SSRS reports using latest version of Visual Studio and TFS.
Identify and write best possible code in case of new deployments or when rewriting code when migrating to newer version of SQL Server. Plan and coordinate data migrations between systems.
Develop, implement, and maintain change controls for modifications to databases.
Create required reports in response to business user needs.
Establish appropriate database access control levels.

Position Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or 5 years of related experience in one of the following: application development, database administration, SQL programming, or technical support.
Ability to analyze and troubleshoot existing code to identify root causes of failures and to ensure functionality.
MS SQL Server 2016 and above
Hands-on experience with database standards and end user applications.
Excellent knowledge of data backup, recovery, security, integrity and SQL
Experience with Rest API, SDLC, and Visual Studio is a plus
Advanced knowledge and understanding of SQL Job Agents and Stored Procedures
Works well independently; capable of self-motivating and managing.
Good written and oral communication skills.
Strong technical documentation skills.
Communicates well with technical and non-technical co-workers alike.
Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language.
Highly self-motivated and directed.
Keen attention to detail.
Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Desire to work in a team environment.
Experience with Rest API, SDLC, and Visual Studio is a plus
ERP experience a plus specifically Epicor Prophet 21

DBA items….
Software installation and Maintenance
Data Extraction, Transformation, and Loading
Database Backup and Recovery
Security
Authentication
Capacity Planning
Performance Monitoring
Database Tuning
Troubleshooting

FCX Performance, an Applied Industrial Technologies Company, is a leading process flow control company providing technical mission critical products and services to more than 15,000 end users, OEMs, and EPC firms across a broad range of industries and markets.

Founded in 1923, Applied Industrial Technologies (NYSE: AIT) is a leading value-added distributor and technical solutions provider of industrial motion, fluid power, flow control, automation technologies, and related maintenance supplies. Our leading brands, specialized services, and comprehensive knowledge serve MRO and OEM end users in virtually all industrial markets through our multi-channel capabilities that provide choice, convenience, and expertise.
We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, protected veteran status, marital status, medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a disability, please send an email to hiring@applied.com or call 216-426-4389 to let us know the nature of your request.
The position has the opportunity for up to 40% remote work from the Cullowhee, NC campus or full-time remote work if occupying a residence outside a 30-mile radius in North Carolina.

The Application Developer is responsible for designing, developing and maintaining a range of technical solutions (primarily .NET web applications) that originate with IT project requests. Solutions range from performing feasibility of a new feature to standing up 3rd party software to building custom solutions within adopted frameworks. Development duties mainly consist of creating and maintaining web applications and web services using object-oriented languages, leveraging object-relational mapping frameworks for database operations, and collaborating with other developers to develop and maintain internal frameworks. The developer participates in all aspects of the system development life cycle — analysis, design, implementation, testing and maintenance.

Telework requirements (for candidates choosing to telework):
Must be located within a eight hour driving distance of the WCU campus in Cullowhee, NC.
Periodic campus visits will be required.
Most meetings will be conducted via video conference when possible so conference capabilities must be available from remote work location.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math or Engineering or related technical degree from an appropriately accredited institution and two years of experience in application development; or a Bachelor’s degree with some computer coursework from an appropriately accredited institution and three years of experience in application development; or an Associate’s degree in computer programming and three years of experience in application development: or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

2 years of experience with .NET application development using MVC

Preferred Qualifications
Experience developing secure and stateful web applications using .NET Core, Blazor, SignalR and Microsoft Identity platform (Azure AD; OAuth; OpenID Connect).
Experience interacting and building data structures within a variety of DBMS (SQL Server; Oracle; Azure SQL) using ORM frameworks such as Entity and Dapper.
Experience developing secure RESTful web services and applications using Microsoft’s MVC and Web API patterns.
Experience deploying and managing applications and complementary developer resources within Azure (e.g. Azure DevOps, App Services, Key Vault, etc.)

3-5 years of experience with .NET application development

Position Type
Permanent Full-Time

Number of Hours Per Week
40

Number of Months Per Year
12

Posting Text
Open Date
08/16/2023

Close Date

Open Until Filled
Yes

Special Instructions to Applicants
To be considered, you must apply online. Please include a cover letter, resume, and a list of professional references to complete the application process.

For questions or additional information, please contact Jed Tate at jtate@email.wcu.edu or 828-227-2431.

Background/E-Verify
Final candidates are subject to criminal & sex offender background checks. Some vacancies also require credit or motor vehicle checks.

Western Carolina University uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify. Proper documentation of identity and employability are required at the time of employment.

Credential Verification
All new employees are required to have listed credentials/degrees verified within 30 days of employment. All new employees who will be teaching are required to provide official transcripts within 30 days of employment. Transcripts should be provided for the highest earned degree and/or the degree which is being used to satisfy credential/qualification requirements.

AA/EOE
Western Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; color; religion; sex; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; national origin; age; disability; genetic information; political affiliation; National Guard or veteran status, consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations, and policies, and the policies of The University of North Carolina. Additionally, the University promotes the realization of equal employment opportunity for minorities, women, persons with disabilities, and veterans through its affirmative action program.
Persons with disabilities requiring accommodations in the application and interview process please call (828) 227-7218 or email at jobs@email.wcu.edu.

University Safety
The Western Carolina University Annual Safety Report is available online at University Annual Safety Report or in hard-copy by request at the office of the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs, 227 HFR Administration Building, Cullowhee, NC 28723 (828-227-7147) or the Office of University Police, 111 Camp Annex, Cullowhee, NC 28723 (828-227-7301). The report, required of all universities participating in Title IV student financial aid programs, discusses crime statistics, procedures for reporting suspicious or criminal activity, security, police authority, crime prevention strategies, university policies on substance abuse and sexual offenses, workplace violence and fire safety.

It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!
Job Description Summary:
The Senior Software Engineer designs, develops, troubleshoots, debugs, and sets the direction for the design and implementation of software features/functionality/enhancements, correction of defects, and/or the creation of new products. Develops software tools including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools. Determines software’s compatibility with hardware and/or influences software's design in relation to hardware.
Position Reports to: Manager, Software Engineering

Job Overview:
The Senior Software Engineer designs, develops, troubleshoots, debugs, and sets the direction for the design and implementation of software features/functionality/enhancements, correction of defects, and/or the creation of new products. Develops software tools including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools. Determines software’s compatibility with hardware and/or influences software's design in relation to hardware.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Review and provide feedback on designs.
Takes ownership of the design and development of features within their component.
Recognizes and practically solves for anti-patterns.
Good understanding of how his/her work aligns with high-level use cases and team deliverables.
Define (more than a feature, less than a product) a component that fits into an architecture.
Describe and defend design decisions for components owned by the team.
Optimize software design to leverage platform capabilities.
Acts as the technical subject matter expert for a product domain.
Quantify and communicate work estimates and risks to direct management
Handle multiple competing priorities with minimal help
Understand features as a whole and able to break down larger stories and features into tasks
Familiar with most of the technologies we focus on and what markets they target
Takes ownership of customer issues and effectively communicate with Support/SEs to resolve field questions/issues
Discuss with customers what larger concerns and problems they are trying to solve, over and above the immediate technical concerns
Willingness to teach and grow junior team members
Excellent listening skills
Effectively works within the team and across teams
Ensures all tasks are completed thoroughly and that any work done is tested, unit tested, documented, and ready for customers
Takes identified problems and concerns and create a plan to fix the problem and prevent it from occurring again
Follows through on all tasks
Reliably delivers expected work products and outcomes
Imparts a sense of urgency on junior team members

Required Qualifications:
8+ years of software engineering experience
Expertise in z/OS Assembler.
Deep understanding of z/OS Db2.
Mastery of data structures and algorithms.
Able to select data structures and algorithms to solve technical problems.
Able to write high-quality code rapidly.
Able to present a track record of solving problems of increasing complexity
Good understanding of trade-offs in solving problems that have variable levels of complexity.
Deep understanding of memory allocation and management mechanism, security mechanisms, processing allocation mechanisms of target operating systems.

Preferred Qualifications:
Writes code faster than the average developer.
Outstanding quality with few bugs in generated code.

Education:
Bachelors/Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent
Travel Requirements:
0-10%
Job Family Group: Engineering
Job Family: Software & Quality Assurance Engineering
Job Profile Name: Senior Software Engineer
Employee Type:Individual Contributor
Job Level: P4 (Advanced)
The base salary range for this role is $110,754.33 - $138,443.00 /year. Exact compensation may vary based on skills, experience, and location.
.
What Rocket Software can offer you in USA:
Extensive paid time off programs (paid holidays, sick, and unlimited vacation time)
Healthcare coverage options to fit you (and your family’s) needs
Retirement savings, with matching contributions by Rocket Software
Life and disability coverage
Leadership and skills training opportunities
Two paid work days for off-site training
Rocket Software Inc. is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Rocket Software Inc. is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Rocket is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please call: 781-577-4321 or send an email to people@rocketsoftware.com. We will make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis.
#LI-Remote
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!
Responsibilities:
PeopleTec is currently seeking a Software Developer to support our El Paso, TX (Fort Bliss) location. Our team is looking for an exceptionally motivated self-starting Software Engineer with a background in front-end/UI software development. The candidate will provide hands-on technical experience to our growing team of cyber, space, and engineering professionals who design, implement, test, and deploy end-to-end 2D/3D geospatial solutions.

Duties Include:
Create end-to-end solutions for sharing 2D/3D components that animate, visualize, and explore spatial data in cloud and enterprise environments.
Use JavaScript, Java, and/or Python to develop front-end applications that follow industry-standard design patterns, development methodologies, and deployment models.
Solve and articulate complex problems through application design, product development, and user experiences.
Work closely with product engineers to innovate, develop, and enhance visualization techniques to interactively explore the spatial data.
Contribute to unit tests that back the quality of the development.
Utilizing Palantir Foundry, develop custom dashboards and workflows.
Leverage the knowledge of peers and stakeholders to better understand the customers’ greatest pain points and solicit feedback from both customers and colleagues to improve the product.
Projected Timeframe to Employee :
Feb 1, 2024
Qualifications:

Required Skills/Experience :
2+ years of front-end development experience with a fluency and passion for JavaScript
Proficiency with front-end/UI development technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, Node.JS, ReactJS, TypeScript, and JSON.
Ability to work closely with software developers, product engineers, and documentation writers to build quality software in a constantly evolving agile environment
Understanding of relational database design, implementation, and usage
Effective time management and organizational skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience with authentication schemes such as OAuth, PKI, etc. and multithreaded programming
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Travel: Up to 10%
Must be a U.S. Citizen
An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment.

Education Requirements :
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field.

Desired Skills :
Java and Groovy for back-end applications and data integration tools
Typescript, React, Leaflet, and d3 web technologies
Python for data processing and analysis
Experience with Palantir’s Foundry environment
Understanding and/or experience with data pipeline development using Apache Spark/PySpark
Prior experience with software development and release of commercial software products
Experience with Agile software development using Scrum
Experience with writing testable software
Knowledge of JADC2
Projected Timeframe to Employee :

01NOV23
Overview:
People First. Technology Always.

PeopleTec, Inc. is an employee-owned small business founded in Huntsville, AL that provides exceptional customer support by employing and retaining a highly skilled workforce.

Culture: The name "PeopleTec" was deliberately chosen to remind us of our core value system - our people. Our company's foundation was built on placing our employees and customers first. With an award-winning atmosphere, we have matured into a company that boasts the best and brightest across multiple technical fields.

Career: At PeopleTec, we value your long-term goals. Whether it's through our continuing-education opportunities, our robust training programs, or our "People First" benefits package, PeopleTec truly believes that our best investments are our people.

Come Experience It.
#cjpost #dpost

EEO Statement

PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, applicationhelp@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify.
Location
enfoTech Headquarters, North Brunswick, NJ
Responsibilities
Responsible for software lifecycle development including software analysis, design, coding, testing, and implementing using the Angular and C# (Microsoft .NET and Microsoft .NET Core) technologies.
Must have the ability to work independently and produce quality results in a timely manner.
Must have excellent problem solving ability, verbal and written communication skills and be able to work effectively with end users and the development teams.
Qualifications
BS or MS in Computer Science.
Hands-on coder, motivated individual with a strong desire to meet deadlines.
Working knowledge of Angular.
In-depth understanding of Web development techniques (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, etc.).
Proficiency to do Object & Service oriented programming using Microsoft C#.
Knowledge of .NET and .NET Core platforms.
Knowledge of Microsoft ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework Core programming, Web API is a plus.
Knowledge of XML/Schema, JSON, XSL style sheet, UML, Design Patterns, and Web Services is a plus.
Compensation
Competitive salary based on qualifications, Health/Dental/vision Insurances, 401K, Long Term Disability Insurance, Life Insurance, and others in accordance with Company’s policy.
How to Apply
Email your cover letter and resume to Human Resources Department or fax (732) 214-8619.
Please include the following in your cover letter:
Availability
Citizenship or visa status
The Sensors Division at STR focuses on technology development for advanced sensor systems, particularly in the areas of airborne/surface-based radar, electronic warfare, underwater acoustics, hyperspectral imaging, and EO/IR sensing. Within this role, we perform work on full system prototypes, experiment campaigns and technology component development. Particular development roles within the Sensors Division include RF analog/digital hardware, acoustic hardware, signal processing algorithms, machine learning algorithms, tracking/fusion, as well as real-time embedded processor implementation.
STR is seeking a Software Developer to develop and mature efforts in the Maritime Domain Applications (MDA) Group within the STR Sensors Division. The Software Developer will serve as the intermediary between protype algorithmic initiative development and demonstration in productionized code.
The successful candidate will be a motivated collaborator, looking for opportunities to work with a team of high-end researchers and engineers to develop and deploy novel solutions for real mission impact. Candidates should have demonstrated experience working with modular software, open architecture software principals, and prototype software at varying levels of maturity.
Responsibilities:
As a member of a small, focused team, implement and test real-time applications, featuring open architecture software principles
Transition computationally intensive algorithm prototypes at varying levels of maturity and written in various higher-level languages – such as MATLAB and Python – into C/C++ implementations
Optimize C/C++ implementations to achieve performance metrics (such as real-time)
Ensure C/C++ implementations conform to modular open architecture standards such that they can be seamlessly integrated into and tested within existing software codebases
Support C/C++/CUDA software migration to various High Performance Computing (HPC) architectures to include CPUs, GPUs, and other novel architectures
Requirements:
Ability to obtain a Security Clearance
Object oriented and procedural programming skills in C/C++
Proficiency in MATLAB and/or Python as well as other higher-level languages
Proficiency working within a Linux development environment
Experience working with highly instrumented codebases utilized for the purposes of facilitating analysis
Experience using source code management (Git, Subversion)
Desired Qualifications:
Active Security Clearance at the Secret or Top Secret (TS) level
2+ years of programming experience, particularly with open architecture systems
Experience with radar and/or EO/IR systems
Experience with software development tools including continuous build, unit testing frameworks, static and dynamic code analysis
Experience with algorithm optimization for real time systems, especially radar and/or remote sensing
Experience optimizing numerically intensive software functions to run on various processor technologies
Experience refactoring legacy codebases to conform with current industry standards
Education:
BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering or related field
STR is a growing technology company with locations near Boston, MA, Arlington, VA, near Dayton, OH, Melbourne, FL, and Carlsbad, CA. We specialize in advanced research and development for defense, intelligence, and national security in: cyber; next generation sensors, radar, sonar, communications, and electronic warfare; and artificial intelligence algorithms and analytics to make sense of the complexity that is exploding around us.
STR is committed to creating a collaborative learning environment that supports deep technical understanding and recognizes the contributions and achievements of all team members. Our work is challenging, and we go home at night knowing that we pushed the envelope of technology and made the world safer.
STR is not just any company. Our people, culture, and attitude along with their unique set of skills, experiences, and perspectives put us on a trajectory to change the world. We can't do it alone, though - we need fellow trailblazers. If you are one, join our team and help to keep our society safe! Visit us at www.str.us for more info.

STR is an equal opportunity employer. We are fully dedicated to hiring the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any portion of the employment process, email us at appassist@str.us and provide your contact info.
Pursuant to applicable federal law and regulations, positions at STR require employees to obtain national security clearances and satisfy the requirements for compliance with export control and other applicable laws.
Application Developer with Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology, or a combination of education and experience equating to a U.S. equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Lead and manage internal and external backend development resources to build and maintain Web projects.
Work with the team (UX) to gather, define and analyze requirements to determine the most effective web technologies that will solve the client’s business needs.
Create technical documentation and lead implementation planning with the development team using deep understanding of functional and business requirements.
Solve complex data integration problems and architectural challenges.
Recognize and communicate system or resource deficiencies early in order to implement effective solutions.
Build, test and maintain responsive websites as well as custom modules within Drupal and other CMS platforms.
Successfully integrate user-facing elements developed by frontend developers.
Build efficient, testable and reusable Drupal modules with PHP.
Integrate data storage solutions including SQL, MySQL and Microsoft Azure.
Design, test and integrate system and enterprise software, as well as multi-tier systems architectures.
Assist in the configuration of web server settings.
Building web service integrations with various external systems based on REST/SOAP protocols.
Building ad hoc SQL scripts/reports, stored procedures and functions for more complex user requests.
Working with code repositories like Git and SVN for version controlling development artifacts.
Fixing bugs flagged by testing team for the modules worked on through JIRA.
Deployment of application on the development environments like assembly test box and product test box using tools like Maven, Jenkins, UNIX & Amazon Web Services.
Documentation of features developed, and solutions provided as technical design document, sharing best practices using Confluence.
Provide system support during & following Go Live.
Work with System Architects to develop application prototypes.
Design and create Oracle /MySQL databases to support application development.
Participate in the creation or review of project IT documents such as Requirements, Design, Test Cases, and Training material s.
Participate in and contribute to Requirements Gathering and Design meetings.
Develop solution s using PHP, Drupal or other similar technologies.
Participate in Scrum and other application development related meetings.
Define data structures and application solutions.
Define application solutions appropriate to customer requirements.
Code, document and implement project specifications programs.
Test, code and perform unit test plan for programs assigned.
Design and build prototypes and designs.
Integrate with 3rd party applications.
Required Skills/Qualifications:
3+ years of experience with Drupal (including 8x and 9x).
3+ years of experience with MySQL 5.6 or 8.0.
3+ years of experience with MySQL.
2+ years of experience with JavaScript.
Demonstrate experience using Docker and Linux systems.
Experience using Angular and/or ReactJS and jQuery.
Strong technical writing and documentation skills desired.
Proven time management skills to ensure that tasks and documents are delivered according to schedule.
Capability to determine, understand and document the business case and project scope.
PHP 7.4 Object Oriented Programing is a must.
Experience with Bootstrap.
Expert oral and written communication skills to facilitate critical discussions between business customers, project stakeholders, and contracting team.
Working knowledge of Agile methodologies and approaches.
Experience with issue/change management software (i.e. JIRA).
Experience with configuration management tools.
Demonstrate ability to work in a team environment.
Demonstrate attention to detail.
Preferred Skills:
Drupal 7, 8 and 9: 5 years (Preferred)
Bootstrap: 1 year (Preferred)
JavaScript: 4 years (Preferred)
Work location is Portland, ME with required travel to client locations throughout USA.

Rite Pros is an equal opportunity employer (EOE).

Please Mail Resumes to:
Rite Pros, Inc.
565 Congress St, Suite # 305
Portland, ME 04101.
Email: resumes@ritepros.com
Software Developer with Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology, or a combination of education and experience equating to the U.S. equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop the Web-based software using computer programming languages such as C#, MVC and MS SQL Server.
Perform application design, development and deployment based on industry’s best practices.
Work with Technical Architects, Project Managers, and System Analyst and come up with solutions that meet the requirement.
Perform code review for all internal deliverables and formulate best practices.
Analyze the code and suggest potential improvements on performance as needed.
Participate in client meetings involving Technical Architects, Project Managers and System Analyst.
Continuously evaluate the industry best practices and educate customer.
Work closely with quality assurance team to ensure delivery of high quality and reliable Web applications.
Follow Agile Software Development methodology.
Develop databases including queries, triggers and stored procedures.
Monitor and execute application performance at post-deployment stage and make required changes if and where needed.
Resolve application defects and issues in a timely manner.
Monitor and execute everyday activities of system and provide necessary support
Follow Agile Software Development methodology.
Involve in Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) starting from requirement gathering, analysis, design, implementation and testing.
Design dynamic and responsive User Interface (UI) layouts using HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, Angular JavaScript and jQuery.
Involve in code migration from ASP.NET to MVC C#
Use .NET framework 4.5 helps to build web application.
Use Visual Studio 2015 as IDE for developing, compiling and building .NET based applications.
Implement Security Mechanism for Web Application using Microsoft Active (AD) Directory.
Assist in the designing of database and also create database Functions, Stored Procedures and Indexes.
Follow object-oriented principles to develop the business logic using C# ASP.NET as server-side programming language.
Use Grape City Active Reports API for designing reports in Web Applications.
Follow .NET MVC design patterns to solve the software application design problems.
Write the Unit Test cases using NUnit framework for different modules in .NET Environment.
Technologies Involved / Skills required for the position:
Microsoft Visual Studio, .Net framework 4.8, ASP.Net, MVC, Web Services/ Web methods, LINQ, and SQL server, Oracle, WCF, TFS, Java Script and REST API, C#, HTML, Angular JavaScript, CSS, jQuery, AJAX, ASP.NET, MVC, XSL/XSLT, API for designing reports in Web Applications.
Work location is Portland, ME with required travel to client locations throughout USA.

Rite Pros is an equal opportunity employer (EOE).

Please Mail Resumes to:
Rite Pros, Inc.
565 Congress St, Suite # 305
Portland, ME 04101.
Email: resumes@ritepros.com
engineer sr - ST
Job Summary and Mission
At Starbucks, our mission is to inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup, and one neighborhood at a time. Starbucks Technologists work to achieve this mission through the use of cutting-edge technology delivered to our partners, customers, stores, roasters, and global communities.
This job contributes to Starbucks success by delivering high-quality, reliable, and stable technologies and security capabilities in support of the Starbucks Engineering Platform. This position is accountable for the installation, configuration, monitoring, analysis, maintenance, and technical support of the platform.

Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles.
Summary of Key Responsibilities
Communicates highly complex ideas and concepts to non-technical peers and customers
Ability to establish cross-functional, collaborative relationships with business and technology partners
Support the development team and perform activities to resolve developer issues in a timely and accurate fashion
Engineer build and release processes
Ability to effectively manage and partner with technology vendors to deliver against business objectives
Conducts research and makes recommendations on standards, products, and services
Ensures application and infrastructure architectural solutions are stable, secure, and compliant with Company standards and practices
Implements all technologies in accordance with Information Security's guiding principles for highly sensitive data
Provide high-availability operational support and automate solutions across the environment
Implements deep telemetry capabilities to provide ongoing success and performance metrics
Implements service monitoring across all platforms to ensure continuous availability and operational continuity of critical systems
Upholds company policies, and legal/regulatory requirements, such as PCI
Implements and maintains system configurations and baselines to support secure application development software control best practices and standards

Basic Qualifications
Education (minimum education level, degree or certification necessary):
4-8 years of professional industry experience with software development
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field
Preferred Qualifications
5+ years of experience in system administration, network administration, and systems engineering
5+ years of experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl and/or Ruby.
3+ years Experience with large-scale distributed systems and client-server architectures
Demonstrated ability to debug and optimize code, and automate routine tasks.
Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.
Proven ability to translate insights into business recommendations
Knowledge in application development and supporting a development environment
Experience with Cloud Computing platforms (e.g. Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine)
Knowledge and understanding of relevant legal and regulatory requirements, such as SOX, PCI, HIPAA, Data
Protection, etc.
Demonstrated experience implementing and managing high capacity, redundant, and mission critical environments
Knowledge in databases and comfortable with various databases technologies
Proficiency in TCP/IP networking, architecture and core technologies ( DNS, routing, iptables, tc, etc.)
Experience running and maintaining a 24x7 production environment

Years of experience in specific field or utilizing designated skills (minimum needed to be qualified): 5+ years

Join us and inspire with every cup. Apply today!
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at 206-318-0660 or via email at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
Job Details
Description
A successful Developer in the IT Crude and Marine Product Line Team derives personal satisfaction from advancing business objectives, adding value to the company, and providing great service to internal business partners and external customers. This position will be a key contributor within a dynamic, highly motivated team focused on creating, improving, and maintaining the systems critical to the success of ONEOK's Product Quality applications. The Developer will have the opportunity to be a part of the development and maintenance of highly complex systems; providing the best possible service to ONEOK’s customers and workforce, as well as directly impacting the company’s bottom line. The Developer will be independently motivated and deliberately collaborative. In addition, the Developer will have extensive analytical and technical design skills to solve business problems utilizing technology and be willing to continuously learn as needed to solve real-world problems.
Responsibilities
Works independently with limited supervision as well as within an agile team environment to deliver working software.
Proactively participates in business analysis and technical design activities with technical and non-technical stakeholders to resolve issues and ensure solutions are viable and consistent.
Implements requirements by defining and analyzing technical problems; designing and testing standards and solutions.
Tests, maintains, and recommends software improvements to ensure strong functionality and optimization.
Works with team members to conduct root cause analysis of issues, review new and existing code and/or perform unit testing.
Provides comprehensive support to internal customers; achieves resolution to outstanding problems or issues.
Documents specifications, system guidelines, and technical manuals for new and legacy systems.
Performs hands-on code development for complex initiatives, both on a large and medium scale.
Communicates effectively and professionally in all forms of communication with internal and external customers.
Aids in the support of other team members for the team’s goals and objectives. We are one team.
Stays up-to-date with current technologies and technical developments.
Requirements:
Previous working experience in Java development
Knowledge of SQL and experience with ORM frameworks such as Hibernate
Experience using version control systems Git
Basic web server administration experience in Tomcat or JBoss
Strong understanding of Modern Web Application Architectures, Functional and Object-Oriented Programming concepts.
Qualifications Considered a Plus
Hands-on experience in tools including Eclipse, Atlassian Suite, Azure Devops, Postman, Jenkins, Heroku
Experience developing web applications using a web framework such as Spring, Struts, or Apache Tapestry
Experience with AWS Elastic Beanstalk, EKS, or Fargate
Experience utilizing unit testing frameworks such as Junit/JBehave/Serenity
Hands-on experience in technologies including HTML, CSS, ES6, PL/SQL, OIDC 2.0, , XML, API Development, Containers and/or Microservices Architecture.
Experience using jQuery, React/Angular
UX design skills including ability to drive a positive customer experience, convey product ideas, and explain thinking behind designs.
Deep understanding of Object-Oriented Design Patterns, Domain-Driven Design, and Vertical Slice Architecture.
Experience in Relational Database Design & Development in either Oracle or MSSQL.
Understanding of how to apply secure coding principles to mitigate OWASP's Top 10 vulnerabilities.
Demonstrated strong partnering, mentoring, and coaching skills.
Education
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent work experience.
Additional requirements: Regular attendance; the ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing in English with co- workers, supervisors, internal and external customers; the ability to work in stressful conditions; the ability to adapt and respond in changing circumstances; the ability to use a personal computer with the Windows(R) operating system to complete time sheets, send and receive email, and access information posted on the Company's intranet; availability as needed to work on both a scheduled and call-out basis; and the ability to work at the assigned job site. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, skills, or working conditions.
ONEOK is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, religion, creed, national origin, gender identity, disability, military/veteran status, genetic information or any other categories protected by applicable law.
The job description is not intended to be a complete list of all responsibilities, duties or skills required for the job and is subject to review and change at any time, with or without notice, in accordance with the needs of ONEOK.
ONEOK is committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request an accommodation, email HRHub@magellanlp.com or call 918-574-7240 (8:00 am to 5:00 pm Central Time, Monday through Friday).
Job Title: App Support Analyst I
FLSA Status: Exempt
Job Family: IT
Department: IT - Tech Support
Location: Fort Wayne, IN

JOB SUMMARY

Responsible for providing technical support, troubleshooting, analysis, and training for insurance applications to independent agent partners, employees, and customers through phone, email, and in-person communication.

POSITION ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Provide technical support to end users on various issues relating to insurance software applications through prioritization, documentation, and resolution.
Log, track, and test system bugs and feature enhancements while providing status updates and workarounds to end users.
Assist in root cause analysis resulting in interaction with business analysts, developers, and key business resources for appropriate and timely solutions.
Create new user accounts in a timely manner with respect to all security requirements.
Assist in mass communication to end users for product rollouts, new features, outages, and best practices.
Assist in creating written and visual training material for appropriate user education.
Attend budgeted training seminars to gain knowledge and skills required to grow and excel in fulfilling the responsibilities of this role.
Complete other projects as assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must possess strong customer service skills including clear written and verbal communication.
Must work well in a team environment through open communication and collaboration.
Must demonstrate patience working with people struggling to learn technical systems.
Interface effectively with external contacts, Brotherhood employees, managers, and other staff members.

EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE
Associate's degree in Information Technology, Business, or related field of study is required.
Bachelor’s degree is preferred.
One year of work with computer systems, business analysis, or software support is desired.
Insurance industry background is desired.
Technology and/or Insurance Certifications (A+, ITIL, CPCU, CISR, Agile Development, etc.) are a benefit.

Terms and Conditions

This description is intended to describe the general content of and requirements for the performance of this position. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities, or requirements.

Because the company’s niche is the church and related ministries market, and because effective service requires a thorough understanding of this market, persons in this position must be familiar with church operations and must conduct themselves in a manner that will neither alienate nor offend persons within this target niche.

Brotherhood Mutual Insurance Company reserves the right to modify, interpret, or apply this position description in any way the company desires. This job description in no way implies that these are the only duties, including essential duties, to be performed by the employee occupying this position. This position description is not an employment contract, implied or otherwise. The employment relationship remains “at-will”.
As a Two Six Technologies Senior Full-Stack Engineer for web hosted services, you will work with the product team to develop and implement new features with developers and operators to help shape program functionality and usability. You will be a core developer inclusive of user interfaces, APIs, the full stack itself, and associated data management. You will help scale-up our well-established web services that ingest, assess, segment, and contextualize networks. You will play a key role in our successful research and delivering solutions for our transition partners.
Job Responsibilities Include:
Development, versioning, and maintenance of our web stack and management of the code base
Shape the operationalization and transition to government and industry users
Develop new features per emerging user needs
Collaborate in the creation and integration of new data sources, user workflows, and long-term solutions for scaling and other software concerns
Collaborative construction of back-end capabilities to help expand and improve the analysis capabilities
Collaborate in the evaluation and implementation of cutting-edge libraries and technologies
Partner with other developers on cloudification, containerization, and productization of their applications
Engage with peers to review solutions and help ensure our team delivers maintainable and extensible solutions
Minimum Qualifications
Advanced degree with 2+ years of experience or Bachelor’s degree with 4+ years of experience.
Minimum of 5 years of experience working with full stack development
Minimum of 2 years of experience with Vue.js, Elastic Search or similar
Python fluency including packaging, testing, and requirements management or similar
Nice-to-haves:
Knowledge of web-based APIs
Open source project development experience
Experience with Linux, git
Docker and container registry experience
AWS S3 or EC2 familiarity
Familiarity with team collaboration
Clearance Requirements:
Eligibility for security clearances are required
LI_PP1
LI-Hybrid1
Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodations@twosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disability/vets.
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
Full Stack C#/AWS Developer (Hybrid St. Louis, MO) Client: Bayer Term: 5/31/2024 (1 year+) Location: St. Louis, MO (onsite Hybrid) Work Status: USC / Green Card Perfect English/Communication skills Rate: $92W2 Max Requirement • 11+ years C# Full Stack Developer • 4+ years - AWS • 5+ years - C#.Net, Asp.Net Core, .Net middleware • 2+ years - Node js • React [preferred] or Angular • Filtered Test will NOT be REQUIRED/taken Must fill out to be considered Candidate Name C-Phone C-Email Years C# Years AWS GC/USC C- Location Rate W2+6.5 Fee Your email 6/23 Developer (Full Stack) (Expert) • Responsible for Software Development: analysis, development, testing and deployment. • Knowledge and experience in software craftsmanship, demonstrating curious proactive ego-less and collaborative working style. • Must be able to think through hard problems and work with an autonomous team to make them reality. • Challenge the status quo and bring new ideas. Top must have skills: • A minimum of 10 years of experience • Expert in .Net middleware • C# .Net Development - 11+ years • Asp.Net Core - 5+ years • AWS - 4+ years • Node js - 2+ years • React [preferred] or Angular Requirements: • BS/MS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. • 11+ years of experience as a .Net full stack developer • Experience designing and implementing large scale, distributed, event driven architecture/applications • Strong Experience in Microsoft C# .NET framework. • Strong in Asp.net Core, Entity Framework, Dependency Injection • Experience in Lambdas, S3, SQS, SNS, Kafka, Step Functions in AWS. • Experience with front-end web technologies (e.g., HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript) • Unit & Integration testing using NUnit, Xunit & MOQ in .Net • Experience building highly scalable Rest APIs hosted on could environment • Strong Experience designing databases in PostgreSQL(EF Core code first preferred) • Strong use of source control like GIT and understanding of GIT workflow
Job Title: System Architect/Software Developer
Work Location: Nellis AFB, Nevada
Clearance: Current/active TS+
Please note that you must be a US citizen to apply to the job posting
Education: HS Diploma with Five (5) plus years of related experience
Schedule: Monday - Friday day shift
Travel: Occasional
Salary: Commensurate with experience
Job Listing Number: NV23014
LCAT: Sys Architect Software Dev

Overview: S4 Inc. employees selected for this position will be supporting USSTRATCOM JEMSOC missions in order to provide the JEMSOC Director with Planning, Analysis, Spectrum Management, and Intelligence support. In addition, S4 employees will support Advisory and Assistance Services (A&AS) for JCER to accomplish Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations (JEMSO) readiness evaluations in order to accredit each Service/United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM).

Specific Duties: In this position, you will be responsible for:
Developing, designing, and maintaining software solutions that enable effective and efficient product development and information sharing
Developing, adapting, and designing software in support of analytical requirements
Supporting data collection during evaluation planning, execution, and analysis and facilitating data collection training
Facilitating data reduction, especially where software solutions have been developed to streamline tasks, to report calculate, and organize data
Assisting and supporting IT Help Desk personnel with the installation, monitoring, and maintenance of IT assets and infrastructure
Designing, populating, and maintaining databases
Developing and administering data management systems and databases and experience with SQL and SQL Server
Reviewing and evaluating proposed streamlined tasking, data sharing, visualization, and collaboration technologies to ensure compliance with applicable DOD information systems, security policies, directives, and instructions
Working with various government organizations to identify, review, and evaluate candidate data sources and applicable local and national data standards
Assisting with modeling and simulation frameworks; software integration, development, generation, demonstration, and documentation
Developing programs inside of Visual Studio and SQL Server Management Studio
Consolidating data from different sources and generating common formats
Facilitating data entry and retrieval of data for analysis and reporting

Qualifications:
Current/active Top Secret+ security clearance
Five (5) + years of relevant operational experience
Experience with multiple higher level programing languages such as C++, Python, JavaScript, MATLAB, etc.

Desired Qualifications:
Preferably possess a Bachelor of Science degree in a technical field such as computer programing, mathematics, etc.

To apply to this position please go to www.s4inc.com and click on Careers to complete and an employment application and to upload your resume.

S4 Inc. offers competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package with 401(k), and universal time off. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer including Veterans/Disabled. S4 participates in the E-Verify employment verification program. Candidate selected must be able to obtain and maintain the security clearance required by the contract at all times

If you are an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran and need a reasonable accommodation to apply to a position, please contact Janine Hunter, VP Recruiting, by phone at (781) 273-1600 or by email at accommodation@s4inc.com.
Minneapolis, Minnesota
Tech Hiring
3039181
Job Description

Role Purpose
The purpose of this role is to design, test and maintain softwareprograms for operating systems or applications which needs to bedeployed at a client end and ensure its meet 100% quality assuranceparameters

Do

Instrumental in understanding the requirements and design ofthe product/ software
Develop software solutions by studying information needs,studying systems flow, data usage and work processes
Investigating problem areas followed by the software developmentlife cycle
Facilitate root cause analysis of the system issues and problemstatement
Identify ideas to improve system performance and impactavailability
Analyze client requirements and convert requirements to feasibledesign
Collaborate with functional teams or systems analysts who carryout the detailed investigation into software requirements
Conferring with project managers to obtain information onsoftware capabilities
Perform coding and ensure optimal software/ moduledevelopment
Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis,problem definition, requirements, software development and proposedsoftware
Develop and automate processes for software validation by setting up and designing test cases/scenarios/usage cases, andexecuting these cases
Modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware,improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces.
Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation ofnew systems or modifications of an existing system
Ensuring that code is error free or has no bugs and test failure
Preparing reports on programming project specifications,activities and status
Ensure all the codes are raised as per the norm defined forproject / program / account with clear description and replicationpatterns
Compile timely, comprehensive and accurate documentation andreports as requested
Coordinating with the team on daily project status and progressand documenting it
Providing feedback on usability and serviceability, trace theresult to quality risk and report it to concerned stakeholders
Status Reporting and Customer Focus on an ongoing basis withrespect to project and its execution
Capturing all the requirements and clarifications from theclient for better quality work
Taking feedback on the regular basis to ensure smooth and ontime delivery
Participating in continuing education and training to remaincurrent on best practices, learn new programming languages, and betterassist other team members.
Consulting with engineering staff to evaluate software-hardwareinterfaces and develop specifications and performance requirements
Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation,flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code
Documenting very necessary details and reports in a formal wayfor proper understanding of software from client proposal toimplementation
Ensure good quality of interaction with customer w.r.t. e-mailcontent, fault report tracking, voice calls, business etiquette etc
Timely Response to customer requests and no instances ofcomplaints either internally or externally

Stakeholder Interaction

Stakeholder Type

Stakeholder Identification

Purpose of Interaction

Internal

Lead Software Developer and Project Manager

Regular reporting & updates

Software Developers
For work coordination and support in providing testing solutions

External

Clients

Provide apt solutions and support as per the requirement

Display

Lists the competencies required to perform this role effectively:
Functional Competencies/ Skill
Leveraging Technology – Knowledge of current and upcomingtechnology along with expertise in programming (automation, tools andsystems) to build efficiencies and effectiveness in own function/ Clientorganization – Competent
Process Excellence - Ability to follow the standards and norms toproduce consistent results, provide effective control and reduction ofrisk – Expert
Technical knowledge – knowledge of various programminglanguages, tools, quality management standards and processes - Expert

Competency Levels

Foundation

Knowledgeable about the competency requirements. Demonstrates (inparts) frequently with minimal support and guidance.

Competent

Consistently demonstrates the full range of the competencywithout guidance. Extends the competency to difficult and unknownsituations as well.

Expert

Applies the competency in all situations and is serves as a guideto others as well.

Master

Coaches others and builds organizational capability in thecompetency area. Serves as a key resource for that competency and isrecognised within the entire organization.

Behavioral Competencies
Formulation & Prioritization
Innovation
Managing Complexity
Execution Excellence
Passion for Results

Deliver

No.

Performance Parameter

Measure

1.

Continuous Integration, Deployment & Monitoring of Software

100% error free on boarding & implementation, throughput %,Adherence to the schedule/ release plan

2.

Quality & CSAT

On-Time Delivery, Manage software, Troubleshoot queries
Customer experience, completion of assigned certifications for skillupgradation

3.

MIS & Reporting

100% on time MIS & report generation

Generative AI

If you encounter any suspicious mail, advertisements, or persons who offer jobs at Wipro, please email us at helpdesk.recruitment@wipro.com. Do not email your resume to this ID as it is not monitored for resumes and career applications.
Any complaints or concerns regarding unethical/unfair hiring practices should be directed to our Ombuds Group at ombuds.person@wipro.com

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, caste, creed, religion, gender, marital status, age, ethnic and national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, political orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Wipro is committed to creating an accessible, supportive, and inclusive workplace. Reasonable accommodation will be provided to all applicants including persons with disabilities, throughout the recruitment and selection process. Accommodations must be communicated in advance of the application, where possible, and will be reviewed on an individual basis. Wipro provides equal opportunities to all and values diversity.
Full Stack Java Developer
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Message
Share


Category
Information Technology


Job Location
Alexandria, Virginia


Tracking Code
CMA 4707-585


Position Type
Full-Time/Regular


CALIBRE, an employee-owned Management Consulting and Digital Transformation Company, is looking for a highly motivated Full stack Engineer to join our team supporting a DoD Client. The candidate will be responsible for full-stack Java web development, including system development activities such as requirements definition, design, development, testing (verification/validation), implementation, deployment, quality assurance and client/customer support for several applications. Candidates should be self-directed, confident, able to perform tasks of moderate to high complexity, and able to mentor and assist junior team members to solve technical problems.
Candidates MUST have an active secret clearance.
Responsibilities:
Perform requirements analysis, software design, development, installation, testing, and maintenance for application system components
Work across the full stack, building highly scalable distributed solutions that enable positive user experiences
Participate in all aspects of agile software development, including design, implementation, and deployment
Perform full-stack web development
Write and update SQL scripts in building applications, packages, triggers, stored procedures and functions.
Assist in planning and coordinating large-scale, complex, or technically unique projects that require the efforts of multiple technical individuals.
Maintain and update project documentation.
Assist other members of the team in solving technical problems
Participate in improving the software development processes used on the engagement.
Research tools and technologies that would enhance the engagement


Required Skills
Bachelor’s degree in one of the following areas or accredited discipline: Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Technology, Engineering or 6 years in a position in the industry
Familiarity with MySQL, SQL Server and PostgreSQL, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Python, html, APIs, MongoDB, and Oracle Database
Familiarity with AWS Cloud Services
Familiarity with agile methodologies and Jira.
Able to work independently on several concurrent tasks with changing priorities
Must have and maintain an active secret clearance


Required Experience
5-7 years hands on experience
Active Secret Security Clearance
Must be a US Citizen


CALIBRE and its subsidiaries are an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports transitioning service members, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. To be considered, please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com. Come join our dynamic team. #CALIBRECareers
Responsibilities
Working with a team in system analysis and design.
Develop web-based applications using Java/JEE technologies (JSP’s, servlets, web services, etc) by utilizing best practices including code optimization.
Using JDBC and custom SQL API framework for accessing databases.
Developing User Interface using Javascript, AJAX, HTML, EXT-JS, and Bootstrap.
Using Websphere’s Java development tool RAD, eclipse development tools for writing code.
Developing and consuming SOAP web services using JEE technologies by following the best practices and code optimization
Using third-party libraries like iText for creating PDF documents.
Develop Apex Triggers, Apex Classes, Controllers, and schedule Apex jobs.
Working in all phases (development, testing, and deployment) while developing software.
Support the applications which are already in a production environment.
Adding enhancements to the existing applications.
Desired Candidate Profile
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer information systems, information technology or a combination of education and experience equating to the U.S equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects
Note: Email resumes to 8951 Collin McKinney Pkwy, Unit 1101, McKinney, TX 75070 (or) or e-mail:jobs@palniinc.com
Job Summary

The Lead Software Developer will spearhead a dynamic team creating innovative software solutions to solve business problems. The Lead Software Developer will lead the creation and refinement of applications leveraging .NET, Azure, and modern web technologies within an agile framework. This role is involved with strategic planning, architectural design, and collaboration with cross-functional teams to exceed project expectations. Must be ready to serve as a beacon of technical and leadership acumen, cultivate a culture of excellence and continuous improvement, and be ready to face complex problems, foster innovation, and ensure the highest standards of quality and security. The Lead Software Developer is a unique blend of hands on development (60-70%) and leadership (30-40%), perfect for a proactive problem-solver with a passion for coding and an appetite for mentorship.

Key Responsibilities

1. Balance project management duties, adapting schedules and priorities amidst evolving projects and urgent issues.

2. Collaborate with stakeholders to translate business needs into technical actions.

3. Direct the development lifecycle, ensuring excellence in design, coding, and debugging to deliver top quality software.

4. Embrace an "ownership mindset," proactively ensuring the applications' operational integrity and performance standards.

5. Exhibit exceptional personal organization skills, with a strong capacity to prioritize, delegate, and guide the team in managing multiple tasks simultaneously in a fast-paced environment.

6. Lead the development team, optimizing task allocation and resource management using .NET and Azure technologies.

7. Manage Azure DevOps boards, tracking project progress while adhering to deadlines.

8. Mentor and uphold coding standards, ensuring code reviews lead to high-quality production releases.

9. Stay current with tech trends (such as copilot and artificial intelligence), enhancing the team's skill set and fostering innovation.

Minimum Job Requirements

1. 8+ years of full-stack development with a focus on .NET, Blazor, CSS, and SOL & 2+ years in a leadership role, mentoring software engineering teams.

2. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Engineering, or relevant work experience.

3. Expertise in .NET framework/Core (version 5+), with proficiency in Blazor applications and C# programming.

4. Mastery of C# programming, .NET Core, Entity Framework, and Razor syntax/ Strong practical knowledge of Azure services including App Services, Key Vault, Application Insights, Logic Apps, Function Apps, Service Principals, and Storage Accounts / Advanced skills in Azure DevOps for project management, source control, and Cl/CD pipelines, ensuring streamlined project tracking and automated workflows / In-depth experience with Git for version control, adept in sophisticated branching strategies and repository workflow optimization.

5. Preferred experience with YAML in Cl/CD pipelines and Infrastructure as Code using Terraform/Experience with Playwright for cross-browser testing/ Advanced knowledge of cloud architecture, including event-driven and serverless patterns/ Awareness of security practices in software and cloud environments.

Note: Job Description is subject to change at any time and may include other duties as assigned.

Physical Requirements

1. May stoop, kneel, or bend, on an occasional basis

2. Must be able to comply with all safety standards and procedures

3. Required to use hands to grasp, lift, handle, carry or feel objects on a frequent basis

4. Will interact with people and technology frequently during a shift/work day

5. Will lift, push or pull objects up to 50Ibs on an occasional basis.

6. Will sit, stand or walk short distances for up to the entire duration of a shift/work day.

7. Will use telephone, computer system, email, and other electronic devices on a frequent basis to communicate with internal and external customers or vendors.

Safety Level

Non-Safety Sensitive

Note: Jobs with the Safety-Sensitive designation are those that include tasks or duties that the employer reasonably believes could affect the safety and health of the employee performing the task or others such as operating a vehicle, operating equipment, operating machinery or power tools, repairing/maintaining the operation of any vehicle/equipment, the handling/disposal/transport of hazardous materials, or the handling/treatment/disposal of potentially flammable/combustible materials.

Equal Opportunity Employer Statement:
Sundt is committed to the equal treatment of all employees, and/or applicants for employment, and prohibits discrimination based on race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, color, age, disability, national origin, covered veteran status, genetic information; or any other classification protected by applicable Federal, state, or local laws.

#LI-Hybrid
engineer sr - ST
Job Summary and Mission
At Starbucks, our mission is to inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup, and one neighborhood at a time. Starbucks Technologists work to achieve this mission through the use of cutting-edge technology delivered to our partners, customers, stores, roasters, and global communities.
This job contributes to Starbucks success by delivering high-quality, reliable, and stable technologies and security capabilities in support of the Starbucks Engineering Platform. This position is accountable for the installation, configuration, monitoring, analysis, maintenance, and technical support of the platform.

Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles.
Summary of Key Responsibilities
Communicates highly complex ideas and concepts to non-technical peers and customers
Ability to establish cross-functional, collaborative relationships with business and technology partners
Support the development team and perform activities to resolve developer issues in a timely and accurate fashion
Engineer build and release processes
Ability to effectively manage and partner with technology vendors to deliver against business objectives
Conducts research and makes recommendations on standards, products, and services
Ensures application and infrastructure architectural solutions are stable, secure, and compliant with Company standards and practices
Implements all technologies in accordance with Information Security's guiding principles for highly sensitive data
Provide high-availability operational support and automate solutions across the environment
Implements deep telemetry capabilities to provide ongoing success and performance metrics
Implements service monitoring across all platforms to ensure continuous availability and operational continuity of critical systems
Upholds company policies, and legal/regulatory requirements, such as PCI
Implements and maintains system configurations and baselines to support secure application development software control best practices and standards

Basic Qualifications
Education (minimum education level, degree or certification necessary):
4-8 years of professional industry experience with software development
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field
Preferred Qualifications
5+ years of experience in system administration, network administration, and systems engineering
5+ years of experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl and/or Ruby.
3+ years Experience with large-scale distributed systems and client-server architectures
Demonstrated ability to debug and optimize code, and automate routine tasks.
Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.
Proven ability to translate insights into business recommendations
Knowledge in application development and supporting a development environment
Experience with Cloud Computing platforms (e.g. Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine)
Knowledge and understanding of relevant legal and regulatory requirements, such as SOX, PCI, HIPAA, Data
Protection, etc.
Demonstrated experience implementing and managing high capacity, redundant, and mission critical environments
Knowledge in databases and comfortable with various databases technologies
Proficiency in TCP/IP networking, architecture and core technologies ( DNS, routing, iptables, tc, etc.)
Experience running and maintaining a 24x7 production environment

Years of experience in specific field or utilizing designated skills (minimum needed to be qualified): 5+ years

Join us and inspire with every cup. Apply today!
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at 206-318-0660 or via email at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
OSS is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business headquartered in Huntsville, AL. We are focused on "Making a Difference" in the lives of our Department of Defense Customers, Communities, and Employees. Our greatest strength is our people. We expect competence and character and look for uniquely skilled and passionate individuals bound by a collective vision to bring their best to our mission. OSS believes in taking great care of our employees, evidenced by our exemplary benefits package: OSS covers 75% of the monthly insurance cost towards employee Health Insurance, we offer multiple Principal product options, and we have a fantastic 401k plan match with eligibility to start immediately upon hire. If you are interested in an opportunity to join a great mission, supporting awesome customers with a growing company, please reach out to us to learn more!
OSS is seeking a talented web application developer that is excited about learning new technologies, and is both a team player and capable of leading full lifecycle web application development efforts. Initial projects will utilize JavaScript for application development, and MS SQL Server for database design and stored procedure programming. The primary focus will be automating business processes, to include project, acquisition, funding, and schedule processes and related data. The user interfaces developed must both provide intuitive data management features, as well as meaningful visualizations of business data for utilization by customer senior management and functional leads. This is position is mostly telework, with occasional on-site work supporting one of our valued government customers. You will have the opportunity to develop solutions from customer requirements to implementation and sustainment, and therefore must have experience doing so in previous projects, have excellent communication and documentation skills, and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Our primary objective is to provide our customers with outstanding support and dedication to help them fulfill their mission.
Requirements:
4+ years' experience developing web-based application utilizing JavaScript, web services, and MS SQL Server
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or related field
Skilled in user interface development and data visualization
Self-starter that looks for the next priority task to work once the task at hand is accomplished
Ability to keep stakeholders informed of project timelines and changes
Excellent organizational, time-management, and verbal/written communication skills
Capable in all aspects of full life cycle software development
Enjoys and excels working in a team environment
Preferred:
CompTIA Security+ certification (or equivalent)
Experience in translating informal customer requirements into technical requirements, to include business process mapping, interface design, business rules, and database design.
Experience in MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel
Experience developing and supporting SharePoint-based solutions
Experience in the Microsoft Office 365 platform, to include SharePoint Online, Teams, Power Apps, and Power BI
Security Clearance is required - therefore, only US citizens can be considered.
Offset Strategic Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, genetics, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disability status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, and compensation. We are committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities. To request a reasonable accommodation, please email us from our website contact link.
*
Experience*
Required
Capable in all aspects of Full Life Cycle Software Development
BS Degree in Computer Science, MIS or Related
4 year(s): Experience developing web-based application utilizing JavaScript, web services, and MS SQL Server.
Excellent organizational, time-management, and verbal/written communication skills
Skilled in user interface development and data visualization
Preferred
CompTIA Security+ Cert (or Equiv)
Advanced proficiency in Excel
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Licenses & Certifications
Preferred
CompTIA Security+
Behaviors
Required
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Functional Expert: Considered a thought leader on a subject
Dedicated: Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity
Team Player: Works well as a member of a group
Motivations
Required
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
Job Type: Full-time
Why Choose Royce Geo

We're not your typical government contracting company, nor do we want to be. At Royce Geo, we live for building durable and long-lasting relationships with our clients, providing exceptional service with a CAN'T QUIT / WON'T QUIT attitude. We are creating a culture of winning, optimism, FUN and caring for the person next to you. If you want to work in a real team environment and share the wealth and satisfaction of providing real value to your customer, then this company may be just for you.
Royce Geo prides ourselves in our values-first approach. Our values of Accountability, Attitude, Communication, Innovation, and Leadership are integrated into how we approach problems, guide our interactions with others, and create the framework for our culture. We recognize and reward our team members that champion these attributes.
We offer a competitive benefit package that is designed to attract and retain exceptional talent. We take care of our team members from multiple facets including health, financial and well-being programs:
Robust health plan including medical, dental, and vision
Health Savings Account with company contribution
Annual Paid Time Off and Paid Holidays
Paid Parental Leave
401k with generous company match
Training and Development Opportunities
Award Programs
Variety of Company Sponsored Events

Your Impact
The Full Stack Developer will perform rapid application design, ETL, data analysis, and interpretation. Develops rules and methodologies for data collection and analysis. Develop and maintain a Python-based data warehouse processing system that serves as the backend for a user facing application. Develop and maintain a GUI application using modern REST API and Web frameworks. You will work closely with intelligence analysts, ETL engineers, and customers to incorporate new features and scale the application. Utilize best practices for source control, testing, and deployment of software changes.
We are looking for candidates that are:
High-speed technologists who enjoy a fast paced and highly rewarding work environment
Team-players who enjoy collaboration
Comfortable collaborating closely with Key Customer Stakeholders, Program Managers, and Product Owners
Able to accomplish multiple sophisticated software development tasks with minimal direction
Life-long learners – You remain engaged with the latest technology trends and understand operational challenges to continually evolve the application delivery process and platform components
Self-directed and enjoy autonomy to manage your own schedule and workload
Comfortable working with and recommending various software paradigms and design patterns
Strong communicators with the ability to explain technical concepts to members across the team
Able to maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends
Responsibilities
Lead and participate in the architectural design of features early in the development cycle
Work with Customer Stakeholders, Program Managers, and Product Owners to translate the road map features into management components/tasks, estimate timings, and resources, suggest solutions, and identify possible risk
Conduct peer reviews to improve code quality
Help to follow development testing, exploratory testing, AI testing, and/or test automation
Own your code in production, respond to incidents as they occur, and participate in retros to determine how to be better in the future
Work towards reducing the total number of defects in the module/product to industry standards by catching and fixing issues early in development
Resolve all critical and high-priority security defects in-sprint, or by the guidelines set by the SecOps team
Help build high-performing teams, grow and mentor the technical skills within the team and create development opportunities for them
Required Skills
Active TS/SCI clearance required.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field – Master's degree is a plus!
6+ years of experience as a software engineer
4+ years of experience developing with Python
Robust object-oriented design pattern knowledge and implementation experience using Python
Strong understanding of data modeling techniques
Experience working with large volumes of time series data and building services, APIs, and applications based of it
Experience working with relational/non-relational databases and understanding of storage technologies (like Postgresql MongoDB and BigQuery)
Experience with DevOps tools like Git
Experience with Agile development concepts and related tools
Experience with popular Python modules like Numpy, Pandas
Experience with PyTorch by TensorFlow
Experience with Python web server frameworks like Flask, FastAPI, Pydantic, Gunicorn, Uvicorn
Experience working with Node.js development with libraries like React.js and/or Electron
Experience using content servers such Apache and nginx
Desired Skills (Optional)
Experience with remote procedural call technologies. Eg. gRPC and JSON RPC.
Experience in designing multi-tier application architecture and distributed caching solutions
Experience in Python parallelization/multiprocessing (e.g. Dask) and vectorization
Knowledge of Geospatial data processing- Libraries include GeoPandas, Folium, Shapely, RasterIO, QGIS and ArcPy
Knowledge of Python ML stack modules like Scikit-learn, Keras and Tensorflow
DevOps experience with Google Cloud Platform, Azure and AWS
Able to generate a REST API with a minimal amount of code

Royce Geo. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodations should email recruiting@roycegeo.com with requested details. A member of the HR team will respond to your request within 2 business days.
Please review our current job openings and apply for the positions you believe may be a fit. If you are not an immediate fit, we will also keep your resume in our database for future opportunities.
Location: MN

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Applications, or a related Engineering discipline, or equivalent.

Job Responsibilities:
Develop and Enhance CDM (Clinical Document Management) Reports: Psych and Motion Replacement & Core Application Retirement is based on the business requirements provided by the users.
Multi-tier web applications developed using C#.NET, ADO.NET, MVC Framework, Entity Framework concepts and also using SQL server to create table scripts and stored procedures.
Involve in requirements gathering for the development of CDM (Clinical Document Management) Reports Application in EPIC.
Analyze and understand user needs and software requirements to determine the feasibility of design within the time and cost constraints.
Fix bugs and provide immediate assistance to the users who have queries with the usage of application that is in production and taking care of the errors they encounter right within few moments. Analyzing and understanding user needs and software requirements to determine the feasibility of design within the time and cost constraints.
Implement and indulge the performance and the cost-effective solutions for the custom applications for CDM reports EPIC environment
Test & Debug the Clinical Document Management (CDM) Reports application in Epic environment in order to ensure bug free application and if any make a request or additional change releases.

Send resume & specify position you are seeking to:
220 Hartford Turnpike 2nd floor, Vernon, CT 06066
Call: (860) 791-7180
Email Id: hr@clouddatasytemsus.com
The Job



SALARY AND BENEFITS
This position offers an exceptional benefits package
and a competitive base salary up to $118,643.20* Annually

San Bernardino County is looking for motivated Senior Software Developers* to design and develop advanced enterprise systems using the latest technology available. Senior Software Developers provide production support and are experts in system analysis, automated systems design, database design, and applications programming. A Senior Software Developer is the primary resource for evaluating and applying new technological developments to assigned projects. This senior role will be assigned the most complex projects. Senior Software Developers will lead and direct the work of other support roles, as necessary, to drive productivity and project completion.

Current vacancy exists within the Innovation and Technology Department (ITD). The eligible list created from this recruitment may be used to fill other vacancies throughout the County as they occur.

Official title is Programmer Analyst III. For more detailed information, refer to the Programmer Analyst III job description.

Human Resources is also accepting applications for Software Developer II . A separate application is required for each recruitment. It is to your advantage to apply for ALL levels as appropriate.

EXCELLENT BENEFITS PACKAGE!

Some departments offer a 9/80 schedule, where incumbents enjoy a nine-day biweekly schedule.
Depending on assignment, teleworking may be available!

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT
Pre-Employment Process: Applicants must successfully pass a background check and a job-related physical exam, including a drug test, prior to employment .
Availability: Incumbents may occasionally work evening and weekend hours. Some overtime, on-call, or call back work may be required.
Minimum Requirements
Required Experience: Four (4) years of full-time equivalent work experience in a production environment, within the past five (5) years, performing systems analysis, planning, and development for business applications projects. Must include one (1) year working as a project leader for large-scale projects and the use of a systems development methodology.
Qualifying experience must include use of ALL of the following:
.Net/.Net Core
C#/ASP.net
SQL Server
Full-stack web development (React.JS, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript ES6)

-AND-

Required Education: Thirty (30) semester (45 quarter) units of completed college level courses in programming, computer science, software engineering, or related field. A list of coursework must be submitted with the application if a Bachelor's degree has not been conferred.

Substitution: One (1) additional year of qualifying work experience may substitute for the education requirement.
Desired Qualifications
The ideal candidate will possess the following:
Strong understanding of all aspects of enterprise software development; integrated Windows, Web, API, database, and reporting skills.
Experience with React.JS and extensive experience performing full-stack web development (React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript ES6).
Experience developing modular user interfaces, and familiarity with modern CSS frameworks, tools, and workflow.
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Software Engineering.
Experience in Azure Cloud Development; Microservices, Data Factory, DevOps CI/CD Pipelines.
Experience in Cloud Migration or Modernization projects.
Experience in SharePoint Development.
Selection Process
Application Procedure: To be considered for this excellent opportunity, complete and submit the online employment application and supplemental questionnaire as soon as possible. Applications will be accepted until a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. This recruitment may close at any time without prior notice.
There will be a competitive evaluation of qualified candidates, based on the review of application material and supplemental questionnaire answers. It is to your advantage to be complete and thorough in your application and questionnaire responses, as resumes will not be reviewed as part of the competitive evaluation process.
All communications regarding the remainder of the selection process will be via email . Please be sure the email provided on this application is always current; it is your responsibility to update your personal information. Update your Spam, Junk, Bulk, and Firewall settings as needed to ensure that you receive all information pertaining to this recruitment.

To ensure timely and successful submission of your online application, please allow ample time to complete and submit your application before the posted filing deadline. Applicants will be automatically logged-out if they have not submitted the application and all required materials prior to the posted deadline. Once your application has been successfully submitted you will receive an onscreen confirmation and an email. We recommend that you save and/or print these for your records. Please note, if you do not receive an onscreen confirmation and an email acknowledging our receipt of your application we have not received your application.

EEO/ADA: San Bernardino County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) compliant employer, committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants.

ADA Accommodation: If you have a disability and require accommodations in the testing process, submit the Special Testing Accommodations Request Form within one week of a recruitment filing deadline.

Veterans’ Preference: Eligible veterans and their spouse or widow(er) who are not current County employees may be awarded additional Veterans’ Preference points. Click here for information and instructions to request Veteran's Preference points.
Overview:
Abile Group has an exciting and challenging opportunity for a Full Stack Software Developer supporting an Intelligence Community Customer in Lorton, VA. As a Full Stack Software Developer, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining virtualized environments. You will play a crucial role in optimizing performance, ensuring high availability, and supporting various virtualization technologies to meet customer requirements on both classified and unclassified networks.

The right candidate will possess the below skills and qualifications and be ready to handle all responsibilities independently and professionally.
Responsibilities:

Participate in software development to support enhancements of front end user interfaces using react as well as Java RESTful backend services (SpringBoot, Hibernate).

Developing and directing software system validation and testing methods using Junit

Use industry leading DevOps tools like GitHub, Jenkins, Ansible, Python, and Unix Bash scripting

Document and Perform systems software development, including deployment of build artifacts across different environments

Develop and integrate custom developed software solutions to leverage automated deployment technologies

Develop, prototype and deploy solutions within a Cloud environment.

Coordinate closely with team members, Product Owners and Scrum Masters to ensure User Story alignment and implementation to customer use cases

Analyze (through proof of concept, performance, and end-to-end testing) and effectively coordinate Infrastructure needs driven by developed software to meet customer mission needs

Support the Agile software development lifecycle following Program SAFe practices

Communicate key project data to team members and build team cohesion and effectiveness.

Leverage Atlassian tool suite like JIRA and Confluence to track activities

Apply and identify best practices and standard operating procedures

Create innovative solutions to meet the technical needs of customers.

Deploy applications to secret environment

Support Tier 2 and 3 tickets
Qualifications:
Clearance Required: Active Top Secret

Degree and Years of Experience: BS degree and 7 years of prior relevant experience; additional experience in lieu of degree accepted.

Required Skills:
Experience in using Front end languages (expressJS / React preferred)

Experience in developing back end Java RESTFul services

Experience using scripting language (Python preferred)

Significant experience in the software development lifecycle, with experience delivering within DevOps toolsets/practices

Direct experience utilizing software testing performance tools, such as Junit or related testing tools

Direct experience working in an Agile development environment and tempo

Well versed with using version control systems

Well versed with using issue/problem tracking systems
Desired Skills:
Experience developing DevOps infrastructure using GitHub, Jenkins and related tools.

About Abile Group, Inc.:
Abile Group, Inc. was formed in July 2004 to partner with the Intelligence Community and their Contractors in the areas of Enterprise Analytics & Performance Management, IT & Systems Engineering and Program & Project Management. We have significant experience with the Federal Government and are an EDWOSB dedicated to our employees and clients. We are looking for high performing employees who enjoy providing advice and guidance along with solutions development and implementation support, crafted by combining industry best practices with the clients’ subject matter experience and Abile’s breadth of expertise.
EEO Statement:
Abile Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodations should email careers@abilegroup.com with requested details. A member of the HR team will respond to your request within 2 business days.

Please review our current job openings and apply for the positions you believe may be a fit. If you are not an immediate fit, we will also keep your resume in our database for future opportunities.
Job Description

Kinetix is seeking a Senior UI Developer for it’s team in Princeton NJ. The ideal candidate will have previous experience with C#/.NET and current experience utilizing HTML5, Angular 4+, and CSS.

REQUIRED

At least 6+ years of software development experience
Angular Framework, string working experience with Angular 7 or above.
Third-party UI Controls (Fabric UI, Kendo, Syncfusion, etc.)
Data intensive SPAs
Dependency Injection/IoC framework development
Good knowledge of Data and Component Abstraction
Webpack/Angular Deployment Model
Metadata-driven Design
Understanding of solid Design principals and practical implementation with web
Design patterns and best practices in web
Experience with different web library like jQuery, React, Knockout, Glup, Web Pack etc. and evolution of web
Working experience with web components and associate JavaScript libraries
Web framework or sdk development experience.

NICE-TO-HAVES:

SDLC Tools Knowledge
Linux scripting
Automated Testing Frameworks
Git (specifically gitflow)
Financial Services experience

To apply for the job email your CV to:

careers@kinetixtt.com
Location: Oswego, NY Category: Professional Posted On: Wed Aug 23 2023 Job Description:

Campus Technology Services at the State University of New York at Oswego invites applications for a Web Application Developer/Analyst. Your opportunity awaits! SUNY Oswego is an excellent place to work, learn and grow. We offer a friendly atmosphere, outstanding benefits, and opportunities for advancement.
Description of Department:
Campus Technology Services (CTS) is an integrated service organization caring for administrative computing, instructional computing, network services, technology user support and telecommunications. The department delivers a broad set of infrastructure, applications and services that are vital to the operation and mission of the University. CTS is committed to an environment of diversity, equity and inclusion.
Posting Date: August 23, 2023
Review Date: Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled.
Compensation: This is a United University Professionals (UUP) professional staff position. Salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. In addition, the State University of New York provides an excellent benefit package. Click here for more information on benefits for full-time United University Professionals (UUP) professional staff.
Date of Appointment: As soon as possible
Description of Responsibilities:
Work in a team environment on projects that advance web/digital initiatives, promote positive user experiences and accessibility, and support a range of institutional goals. Utilize web technologies (such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP and MySQL) to support, maintain and strengthen the college's Drupal and web-related projects.
SUNY Oswego works continuously to create an inclusive environment which respects, embraces, and promotes cultural safety, belonging, civil discourse, cultural humility, and other values and goals outlined in SUNY Oswego's Strategic Diversity and Inclusion Plan. As such, the incumbent is expected to contribute to these efforts and possess communication and interpersonal skills necessary to engage effectively with an increasingly diverse community of students and colleagues.

Job Requirements:

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field
Minimum 2 years of experience in and a solid understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP and MySQL
Minimum 2 years experience supporting and maintaining Drupal, WordPress or similar content management systems.
Proficiency with web and data analytics software (e.g. Google Analytics or Tableau)
Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities
Dedication to providing excellent customer service and creating positive experiences for both the end user and university stakeholders
Superior attention to detail and dedication to quality assurance
Strong knowledge of and commitment to web accessibility and usability standards
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's degree in computer science, human-computer interaction or related field
Professional experience in a business or higher education institution
A passion for understanding and deploying emerging technology
2 years experience with Vue.js or related framework
Experience developing and deploying cloud-based web applications
Experience with Linux-based web server administration utilizing the using command line interface;
Experience with third-party API integrations
Experience with project management including requirement gathering, planning, workflow analysis, system analysis, monitoring, and data analysis.
At SUNY Oswego we value the diversity found in each member of our campus community and strive to create a community where that diversity is embraced and enhanced. Recognizing the strength of diversity, our mission is to foster an environment which respects, embraces and promotes cultural competence, civil discourse and active engagement in developing an inclusive and vibrant community of scholars who act as transformational agents of change and responsible citizens of the world. For more information see SUNY Oswego's Strategic Diversity and Inclusion Plan.
As a candidate seeking consideration you are asked to submit a separate statement specifically addressing how your commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion has been evidenced in your career experience and professional activity, and/or community service (volunteer work, etc.), and/or professional development. (Please see Application Instructions)

Additional Information:

Oswego is committed to enhancing its diversity. SUNY Oswego is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and is actively engaged in recruiting, supporting, and fostering a diverse community of outstanding faculty, staff and students. We encourage applications from qualified applicants regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, creed, age, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, familial status, pregnancy, predisposing genetic characteristics, military status, domestic violence victim SUNY status, or criminal conviction. Please click here to see our full non-discrimination policy.
In accordance with USCIS regulations, successful applicants must be legally able to work in the United States per the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.
Requests for reasonable accommodations of a disability during the application and/or interview process should be made to the Human Resources Office by calling 315-312-2230 or emailing hr@oswego.edu.
For Campus Safety information, please click here to see the Annual Security and Fire Report (Clery).
SUNY Oswego is a smoke free/tobacco/e-cigarette free campus. Click here for further policy details, including education and cessation resources.
Pursuant to Executive Order 161, no State entity, as defined by the Executive Order, is permitted to ask, or mandate, in any form, that an applicant for employment provide his or her current compensation, or any prior compensation history, until such time as the applicant is extended a conditional offer of employment with compensation. If such information has been requested from you before such time, please contact the Office of Employee Relations at (518) 474-6988 or via email at info@oer.ny.gov.
Search Chair:
Kate DeForest at kathleen.deforest@oswego.edu
Visa sponsorship not available for this position
ROLE SUMMARY
Pfizer’s CMO purpose and aspiration is to modernize marketing at Pfizer by developing current and next generation marketers and delivering a best-in-class model that is faster, more effective, efficient, and boosts our MROI. In keeping with this purpose, Biopharma Operations plays a key role in creating Better, Faster, Smarter CRM capabilities to support a customer centric omnichannel model. One of the most critical drivers of this transformation is to create industry leading customer experiences to HCPs and Patients across 83 global markets and 4 unique market categories.
As a result, the CRM Platform Operations team was created as part of the Content at Scale team to offer marketers a fit-for-purpose set of capabilities to enable omnichannel campaigns and a supporting operating model to support BUs and countries.
The Email Operations lead reports to the CRM Platforms Operations Lead and will be responsible for global enablement of email operations. This includes deliverability monitoring and analysis, troubleshooting issues, email list hygiene strategies, design system implementation and management, email builder tool support, and providing email best practice guidance to local operations teams and marketers. The Lead is accountable for effectively meeting the needs of the business, providing an outstanding experience for customers, ensuring compliance with local and global regulations and creating solutions to achieve optimal email deliverability that contributes to positive camapign performance.
ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Partners with CMO and Digital to create optimal operational email design system specs, following industry trends and leveraging analytics to inform design.
Leads new email content module request process, feasibility assessment & implementation
Maintains email best practice library including documentation of email design system and email and list operational best practices
Tracks global deliverability via Validity reports, monitoring unhealthy trends, investigating issues, and implementing and/or communicating next steps to address issues
Works closely with vendors to obtain deliverability insights and analytics and maintain good email reputation
Constructs and executes IP and domain warmup strategies as needed to enable strong email reputation where required
Advices on list quality strategies and performs list cleansing activities as needed for markets to maintain good list health and deliverability
Develops requirements to optimize the email builder experience and partners with CMO and Digital to integrate the email builder with Adobe Workfront and AEM as part of the CMO roadmap ensuring a streamlined end user experience
Coordinates with Digital/CMO on bridging gaps with technology capabilities to support current and future email creation needs (i.e. Micro-segmentation of personalized content, analytics of design system performance, etc.)
Stays up-to-date on latest trends, industry benchmarks, and best practices, sharing valuable learnings across CMO
Troubleshoots issues impacting content, URLs, and deliverability
Partners with the operational vendor supporting campaign builds in Marketo to ensure proper email best practices being followed resulting in outstanding delivery of services
Supports the delivery of key priorities and new initiatives (i.e. new integrations, branding updates), as well as unique email content and deliverability requirements for key launch brands (large targeted email awareness campaigns)
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
BA Required
10+ years of email marketing experience, preferably focused on email operations, email content systems development and automation
Experience with marketing automation tools and email reputation management software
Email developer experience using HTML and CSS
Experience with email template creation and optimization
Critical thinker with strong communication and problem-solving skills
Knowledge of the latest industry email marketing trends
Fluency in English required
Proven track record of team leadership experience
Extensive project management experience
Preferred Qualifications:
Track record of maintaining strong email reputation
Demonstrated history of leading innovation projects
Drive for optimization/excellence
Delivery of exceptional customer services and experiences
Strong ability to drive collaboration and foster highly productive, functional relationships across a matrixed organization
Demonstrated agility and ability to drive program completion in expedited timelines
Experience with Adobe or similar email platforms


Candidate demonstrates a breadth of diverse leadership experiences and capabilities including: the ability to influence and collaborate with peers, develop and coach others, oversee and guide the work of other colleagues to achieve meaningful outcomes and create business impact.
Other Job Details:
Eligible for employee referral bonus
Work location: On Premise
Last Day to Apply: January 3, 2023
#LI-PFE
The annual base salary for this position ranges from $144,900.00 to $241,500.00.* In addition, this position is eligible for participation in Pfizer’s Global Performance Plan with a bonus target of 20.0% of the base salary and eligibility to participate in our share based long term incentive program. We offer comprehensive and generous benefits and programs to help our colleagues lead healthy lives and to support each of life’s moments. Benefits offered include a 401(k) plan with Pfizer Matching Contributions and an additional Pfizer Retirement Savings Contribution, paid vacation, holiday and personal days, paid caregiver/parental and medical leave, and health benefits to include medical, prescription drug, dental and vision coverage. Learn more at Pfizer Candidate Site – U.S. Benefits | (uscandidates.mypfizerbenefits.com). Pfizer compensation structures and benefit packages are aligned based on the location of hire. The United States salary range provided does not apply to Tampa, FL or any location outside of the United States.
The annual base salary for this position in Tampa, FL ranges from $130,400.00 to $217,300.00.
Relocation assistance may be available based on business needs and/or eligibility.
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Marketing and Market Research
#LI-PFE
Come work for us!
We are looking for dedicated employees to join our team to help our customers have the best experience possible every time they enter a JD Finish Line store.
Our employees are key to our success.
The JD Sports North America Corporate Systems team powers the expansion of JD's digital retail operations through building and delivering the foundational merchandising, supply chain, finance, and corporate capabilities behind the scenes that enable us to provide connected customer experiences and support our internal corporate operations. We support and encourage everyone on our team to take an active role in driving innovation in technology behind the products and experiences we build and are looking for candidates with a clear bias-to-action that bring an experienced, solution-oriented perspective to our team.
The Manager, Corporate Delivery - CFS is responsible for managing and developing engineering teams responsible for our workstreams supporting finance and other corporate functions. This position combines managerial responsibilities with hands-on technical expertise. Working closely with partners in product management, business, and engineering, the Manager, Corporate Delivery - CFS works with the teams to plan, build, and release products and features that our customers interact with using our website and agent-assisted service applications. This leader will effectively exhibit JD Finish Line’s core values of Customer, People, Winning, Community, and Financial Responsibility in everything they do by performing the following main duties:

Key Responsibilities and Tasks:

Responsible for appropriate staffing, staff management, training, and performance management of both internal resources and contracted development resources.
Leadership, teambuilding, and mentoring skills
Help the teams achieve high performance through the implementation of best practices in Agile, continuous delivery, and test-driven development
Strong organizational, communication, interpersonal, and conflict resolution skills
Work collaboratively with Product Managers and Scrum Masters to ensure high quality team performance/collaboration and to address and rectify opportunities for improvements
Provide solution-driven guidance and support for teams regarding engineering approaches and best practices
Work collaboratively with functional analysts, business partners, business analysts, product managers and developers to organize, plan and build technical solutions
Enforce standards for code reusability, code quality and other best practices in software design and engineering
Drive process improvement and best practices across teams
Additional projects and duties as assigned

Required Education and/or Experience
Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) or equivalent experience
3-5+ years’ experience managing software development teams
Prior technical / engineering experience is a plus

Required Computer and/or Technical Skills

Intermediate experience with Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides and needed development tools
Atlassian suite and Jira software experience is a plus
In depth understanding of Agile values, principles, and the Scrum framework
Understand fundamentals of iterative & incremental development
Excels in tailoring written and verbal communications depending on the audience, from project team to executive-level stakeholders
Experience in a retail environment is preferred

Core Competencies:

Communication Skills

Must be an effective communicator with internal and external individuals at all levels. This includes spoken, written, electronic, and presentation skills. Communication should be consistently constructive and professional.

Decision Making and Problem Solving Skills

Able to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Able to analyze results at a micro and macro level and present findings. Makes routine decisions following established policies and procedures; collaborates with managers to gain assistance when complex issues arise.

Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these functions.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Sit for more than 6 hours per shift
Use hands to finger, handle and feel
Reach with hands and arms
Talk and/or hear
Walk or move from one location to another
Occasionally may need to climb, balance, stoop, kneel, or crouch
Lift and/or move up to 10 pounds regularly and up to 50 pounds occasionally
Punctuality and regular attendance consistent with the company’s policies is required for the position.
Average work week is 40-50 hours, which can vary depending on business need.
The work environment for this position is a moderately noisy office setting.

The company reserves the right to modify this job description with or without notice. Employees may be asked to perform additional duties outside of normal job scope on a temporary basis per company policy.
Physical Demands - The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The company reserves the right to modify this job description with or without notice. Employees may be asked to perform additional duties outside of normal job scope on a temporary basis per company policy.
EEOC Statement:
The Finish Line, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to complying with all federal, state, and local EEO laws. The Finish Line, Inc. prohibits discrimination against employees and applicants for employment based on the individual's race or color, religion or creed, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, sex, pregnancy status, age, military status, disability, or any other protected characteristic or class protected by law. The Finish Line, Inc. provides reasonable accommodation for disabilities in accordance with applicable laws.

Need accessibility assistance to apply?
Applicants who require accessibility assistance to submit an employment application can either call Finish Line at (317) 613-6890 or email us at talentacquisition@finishline.com. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will respond as soon as reasonably possible. (This email address and phone number is only for individuals seeking accommodation when applying for a job.)
AgVision is a leading developer of grain, feed, fertilizer and accounting software for customers nationwide. We provide computer hardware, networks, and training, too. We hire talented people who have a sincere interest in our industry.
We offer competitive salaries and benefits, including:
Health Insurance with Prescription Coverage
Dental Insurance
Life Insurance
Short & Long-term Disability Insurance
401K & Match
Vacation and Holiday Pay
Performance Bonuses
Cafeteria/Flex Benefit Plan

*OPEN* Software Support Specialist
AgVision has an immediate opening for a full-time Software Support Specialist. Candidates will have some bookkeeping experience and excellent communication, written and customer services skills. Agribusiness accounting, payroll, training and computer experience is a plus. Software Support Specialists help customers with their AgVision accounting and software application use. They also are involved with documentation, software configuration and testing. Those who apply should like working in a fast-paced team environment. College degree or equivalent experience is desired. Minimal overnight travel (planned in advance) may be required. Must have a valid driver's license.
Mail or email resume to:
Software Support Position
1601 N. Ankeny Blvd.
Ankeny, IA, 50023
sales@agvision.com
www.AgVision.com
Full Stack Java Developer
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Message
Share


Category
Information Technology


Job Location
Alexandria, Virginia


Tracking Code
CMA 4707-585


Position Type
Full-Time/Regular


CALIBRE, an employee-owned Management Consulting and Digital Transformation Company, is looking for a highly motivated Full stack Engineer to join our team supporting a DoD Client. The candidate will be responsible for full-stack Java web development, including system development activities such as requirements definition, design, development, testing (verification/validation), implementation, deployment, quality assurance and client/customer support for several applications. Candidates should be self-directed, confident, able to perform tasks of moderate to high complexity, and able to mentor and assist junior team members to solve technical problems.
Candidates MUST have an active secret clearance.
Responsibilities:
Perform requirements analysis, software design, development, installation, testing, and maintenance for application system components
Work across the full stack, building highly scalable distributed solutions that enable positive user experiences
Participate in all aspects of agile software development, including design, implementation, and deployment
Perform full-stack web development
Write and update SQL scripts in building applications, packages, triggers, stored procedures and functions.
Assist in planning and coordinating large-scale, complex, or technically unique projects that require the efforts of multiple technical individuals.
Maintain and update project documentation.
Assist other members of the team in solving technical problems
Participate in improving the software development processes used on the engagement.
Research tools and technologies that would enhance the engagement


Required Skills
Bachelor’s degree in one of the following areas or accredited discipline: Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Technology, Engineering or 6 years in a position in the industry
Familiarity with MySQL, SQL Server and PostgreSQL, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Python, html, APIs, MongoDB, and Oracle Database
Familiarity with AWS Cloud Services
Familiarity with agile methodologies and Jira.
Able to work independently on several concurrent tasks with changing priorities
Must have and maintain an active secret clearance


Required Experience
5-7 years hands on experience
Active Secret Security Clearance
Must be a US Citizen


CALIBRE and its subsidiaries are an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports transitioning service members, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. To be considered, please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com. Come join our dynamic team. #CALIBRECareers
Working with clients to understand their business problems and be able to propose solutions. Ability to manage multiple in-flight projects that have different timelines and may utilize different technologies. Ability to work within and manage a source control environment and to be able to mentor new developers in this environment.

Essential Responsibilities:
Leading DevOps automation for critical software development initiatives.
Working with SME’s from peer organization to bring resolution to open issues in a timely fashion.
Analyze, design, estimate for all application tiers.
Help Code, test, debug, and document as needed.
Work with Stake holders to review and create engineering functional specifications, Scrum user stories and provide product backlog estimates.
Revise and update programs and processes and create documentation as required.
Software Development Processes, and company standards and practices.
Able to highlight and communicate project status, tasks, milestones, risks, issues and constraints to project team and stakeholders.
Able to prepare and present project and technology documents to group.
Meet & follow development schedules.
Produce design documents and functional specifications.

Qualifications/Requirements:
Experience as an automation engineer managing complex programs/ projects.
Hands on experience with DevOps tools such as Jira/ Confluence/ Jenkins/ GIT.
Experience with MS Visual Studio, Source Control Systems and Unit testing.
Experience in Web Services and SOA.
Ability to interact with Business Owners to gather and document project requirements.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent program.
Experience in customizing, implementing, supporting, and developing solutions.
Desired Characteristics:
Familiar with:
Software source control, bug tracking and build process
Automated testing
Automated builds
Experience with TFS based Source code control
Strong grasp of software design patterns
Ability to produce detailed and complete functional design and interface documents
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Supervises Employees? : No
Travel? : No
Work Site Location: 201 E. Sandpoint Ave #305, Santa Ana, California 92707.
40 Hours per week; 8:30AM - 4:30PM, Monday - Friday
To Apply, Please Email: Info@rencata.com
Life at MX

We are driven by our moral imperative to advance mankind - and it all starts with our people, product and purpose. We always carry a deep sense of drive and passion with us. If you thrive in a challenging work environment, surrounded by incredible team members who will help you grow, MX is the right place for you.

Come build with us and be part of an award-winning company that’s helping create meaningful and lasting change in the financial industry.
Our software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with their finances. Our products need to handle data at a massive scale. You’ll work alongside the best and the brightest engineering talent in the industry. We have opportunities in a wide range of areas including development, design, search, platform, test, quality, big data, front end and back end. As a core participant of your team, you’ll estimate engineering efforts, design your changes, implement and test your changes, push to live, and triage production issues. You need to be dynamic, collaborative, and curious as we build new experiences, improve existing products, and develop distributed systems powering the world to be financially strong.

We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.

Job Duties
Write product or system development code.
Participate in, or lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide amongst available technologies.
Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
Enforce clean code and excellent coding practices by conducting thoughtful code reviews.
Help us build and maintain a world-class technology system so we can achieve our mission of making the world financially strong.
Collaborate closely with Product Managers to meet and exceed customer needs in the simplest possible ways.
Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
Triage product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and quality.
Actively participate in system architecture discussions and technical design reviews to ensure scalability, reliability, and security.
You will lead by example, and elevate the design, implementation, quality, and strong engineering practices across the team.
Drive projects and initiatives to implement high quality systems and products.
Coach and support engineers on the team, with a strong focus on feedback and growth.
Facilitate alignment and clarity across teams on goals, outcomes, and timelines
Influence and coach a team of engineers.
Manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables.
Basic Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience.
12+ years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages with data structures or algorithms.
8+ years of experience testing, maintaining, or launching software products, and 1 year of experience with software design and architecture.
Advanced Requirements (preferred but not required)
Master’s Degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.
Work Environment
At MX, we utilize a hybrid work model, which allows us to attract top talent, provide work-life balance, and increase productivity through collaboration. Our team members enjoy a balance of remote work and monthly in-person collaboration meetings. Travel expectations are about 15%, and the company covers travel expenses for remote employees. Local employees are encouraged to utilize in-office time on a weekly basis. Both local and remote employees can take advantage of our incredible office space with onside perks like company-paid meals, onsite massage therapist, golf simulator, and meditation room to name a few.

Compensation
The expected earnings for this role could be comprised of a base salary and other forms of cash compensation, such as bonus or commissions as applicable. The base salary is $150,000 to $180,000.
This pay range is just one component of MX's total rewards package. MX takes a number of factors into account when determining individual starting pay, including job and level they are hired into, location, skillset, peer compensation.
#LI-EF1
#REMOTE

MX is proudly committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, military or veteran status, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We particularly welcome applications from veterans and military spouses. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. You may request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to hr@mx.com.
Job Title: Senior Software Engineer
Primary Skill: UW Ratabase, Product builder
Location: Remote
Experience: 4-9 Years
Job Summary:
Are you looking forward to leading a team of software developers and taking on the challenge of solving complex business problems? If so, here is the chance. With your in-depth technical knowledge and expertise, you are regarded as a problem-solver, as you produce, test and debug codes. You guide engineers and developers in following the software development best practices. Join our team and lead the way to change!
Know your team:
The Digital & Cloud Services team helps enterprises rapidly deliver new experiences to stay competitive in today’s digital-centric market. Valuemomentum provides expert assistance to leading insurance, banking, and healthcare companies for speedy and successful transformation journeys. The service offerings of Digital & Cloud services include App Development, Integration, Cloud & Infrastructure Services, and Leveraging ITSM Automation – implement intuitive and automated ITSM platform
Responsibilities:
As a Senior Software Engineer, your day-to-day work activities will be as follows:
Serve as a technical lead, contribute, and direct the efforts of the development teams, including internal and external team members
Design, develop, modify, implement, and support software components anywhere in the software stack
Determine root cause for the most complex software issues and develop practical, efficient, and permanent technical solutions
Remain up to date on new technologies, evaluate, and make recommendations as necessary.
Assist in task planning, estimation, scheduling
Mentor Software Engineers and help them enhance they’re for skill/knowledge development through advice, coaching, and training opportunities
Determine process improvements, best practices, and develop new processes
Work in close partnership with cross-functional teams and management
Write, modify, and debug software for client applications
Remain cool and effective in a crisis
Stay on the leading edge of development practices
Requirements:
Candidates are required to have these mandatory skills to assess the eligibility of the profile. The must have requirements are:
5+ years of hands-on working experience in Ratabase
Should have experience in Ratabase product suite: Product Builder, Ratabase Exchange, Data Distributor, Data Validator, Calculator and Output Designer
Must have knowledge and experience designing and building new ratings in Ratabase system from scratch
Should work closely with application development teams and provide guidance and industry best practices / recommendations for application design for optimal integration with Ratabase
Sound understanding of exposing Ratabase as a service for consumption by applications in different technology land scape
Should make performance assessments and evaluation of proposed solution and substantiate with supporting data
Excellent communication skills to discuss with Business/Product teams, IT senior management and interfacing application development teams
Desired Skillset:
Candidates having these extra skills on their resumes are an added advantage while assessing the profile. Some of them are as follows:
Insurance domain knowledge
About the Company:
Headquartered in New Jersey, US, ValueMomentum is the largest standalone provider of IT Services and Solutions to Insurers and Financial Services firms. Our industry focus, expertise in technology backed by R&D, and our customer-first approach uniquely position us to deliver the value we promise and drive momentum to our customers’ initiatives. ValueMomentum is amongst the top 10 insurance-focused IT services firms in North America by number of customers. Leading Insurance and Financial Services firms trust ValueMomentum with their Digital, Data, Core, and IT Transformation initiatives.
Benefits:
We at ValueMomentum offer you a congenial environment to work and grow in the company of experienced professionals. Some benefits that are available to you are:
Competitive compensation package comparable to the best in the industry.
Career Advancement: Individual Career Development, coaching and mentoring programs for professional and leadership skill development.
Comprehensive training and certification programs.
Performance Management: Goal Setting, continuous feedback and year-end appraisal. Reward & recognition for the extraordinary performers.
Benefits: Comprehensive health benefits, wellness and fitness programs. Paid time off and holidays.
Culture: A highly transparent organization with an open-door policy and a vibrant culture
Information:
Interested candidates who fulfill requirements can apply for the role with their updated CVs here. Candidates are requested to be aware of the Fraudulent Job Scams under our name.
Please email your resume to tagindia@valuemomentum.com
Company Background:
Genuine Parts Company (“GPC” or the “Company”), founded in 1928 and based in Atlanta, Georgia, is a leading specialty distributor engaged in the distribution of automotive and industrial replacement parts and value-added services. The Company operates a global portfolio of businesses with more than 10,000 locations across the world. GPC has approximately 50,000 global employees. The Company has operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, Indonesia, Singapore, France, the U.K., Germany, Poland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, and China.
Position Purpose
Seeking world-class talent to join the world’s leading distributor of automotive and industrial replacement parts and value-added services operating 5,500+ locations and servicing more than 20,000 locations in the U.S and Canada. Specifically, this role will function as the Staff Engineer of a newly formed team of Engineers to build the next generation commerce platforms at GPC. Working with a highly talented team, you'll play a key role to build and run one of the world’s largest automotive and industrial replacement parts operations.
This is a Lead Engineering role with responsibility for enabling development and execution in one of our e-commerce and retail products. This individual must be a technologist & engineer at heart and be comfortable in enabling new technology and being hands-on with the execution of the strategy. Must exhibit a deep understanding of modern technology stack and agile delivery models, demonstrated focus on customer experience and must have a proven track record of modernizing technologies.
Responsibilities
Leads, collaborates and pairs with other product team members (engineering, and product management) to create secure, reliable, scalable software solutions
Act as subject matter expert (SME) in assigned business and technical domains with an excellent understanding of business and system processes, interrelationships, dependencies, and interactions among system components
Design, develop, and maintain highly reusable JavaScript/Angular code.
Collaborate with back-end developers to integrate UI components with APIs and databases.
Actively participate in user testing, incorporating feedback into design revisions to improve user experience.
Contribute to our design system, ensuring design consistency across all digital touchpoints.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product management and development, to ensure seamless design delivery.
Keep current with the latest frontend trends and technologies, integrating new ideas as needed to innovate and maintain product competitiveness.
Performance Optimization: Ensure that web applications are optimized for speed and performance. This may involve minimizing page load times, reducing HTTP requests, and implementing other performance-enhancing techniques.
Testing Automation: Implement and maintain automated testing procedures for the frontend to catch regressions and issues early in the development process.
Guide and act as a resource to other engineers on the team
This job requires 70% coding or coding-related tasks every day
Other duties as assigned
Location:
GPC has two work locations to choose from, Duluth or Atlanta office.
We offer a Flexible Work Policy that permits eligible employees to work a hybrid remote schedule.
Desired Qualifications & Experiences:
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, related field, or equivalent experience
5 (6+ preferred) years of experience in Frontend development
Expert knowledge of JavaScript and React
Experience with GraphQl and related technologies
Experience with component-based architecture, Material UI etc.
Very good knowledge of Node.js
Experience with public cloud computing (preferably Google Cloud Platform)
Very good knowledge of Agile methodologies
Excellent coding skills and passion for growing expertise
Experience in writing tests,
Experience with component creation and enhancement
Strong communication skills
Not the right fit? Let us know you're interested in a future opportunity by joining our Talent Community on jobs.genpt.com or create an account to set up email alerts as new job postings become available that meet your interest!
GPC conducts its business without regard to sex, race, creed, color, religion, marital status, national origin, citizenship status, age, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, military status, status as a veteran, or any other protected characteristic. GPC's policy is to recruit, hire, train, promote, assign, transfer and terminate employees based on their own ability, achievement, experience and conduct and other legitimate business reasons.
W2 HYD,IN Posted on September 03,2023
Location: Remote
Work Shift: (9 am - 5 pm (EST Time Zone)
Client: Sapta Global Inc

Job Description (Candidate Duties on the job):
The contractor shall provide services including (but not limited to) the following:
Application configuration;
Application coding;
Quality assurance testing and deployment;
End-user production support.
The management of the entire software development process, from conception to deployment.
Updating and maintaining the software after deployment.
Controlling the whole life cycle of the software and application development process.
Overseeing and directing the evaluation, creation, and implementation of software.
Directing the automated testing and giving management input as the project is being developed.
Modifying existing programs and testing the modifications.
Troubleshooting and fixing bugs and other coding issues.
Writing effective APIs.

Mandatory/Minimum Qualifications/Requirements (Must Haves for the Candidate):
[Required]Minimum of 3-4 years of experience working as a Dot net programmer having C#, ASP.NET CORE, Angular 11, HTML5, Postgress SQL.
[Required] Good experience in Docker and Microservice Architechture.
Highly Desired/Preferred Requirements (Nice to Haves for the Candidate):Evaluated –
Good Experience on Amazon Web Services (AWS) Amazon EC2 and Amazon Simple Email Services (SES)

Technical Skills:
C#
.Net Core 5
Postgress SQL
Angular 11
Micro service
Docker
AWS (Knowledge)
Currently seeking software developers with experience in .NET & SQL along with familiarity in using XML, writing local APIs and interfacing with remote APIs. Must be accompanied with strong HTML and jQuery skills.



For more information or to submit a resume, email employment@bestprintingonline.com
Requisition Id 12258
Overview:
The Web Services Group in the Information Technology Services Directorate at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) is hiring a WordPress developer to create websites to advance ORNL’s mission and support Department of Energy partner organizations!

ORNL is the largest of 17 US DoE science and energy laboratories conducting basic and applied research to deliver transformative solutions to compelling problems in energy and security.

Major Duties/Responsibilities:
Typical projects to be supported range from marketing sites to complex, data-driven websites for a large enterprise environment (6000+ employees).

Ability to work on multiple sites and with multiple customers over a sprint.
Ability to work independently while managing time effectively.
Ability to work under tight deadlines and switch quickly and comfortably between projects.
Understanding of the software development lifecycle from requirements gathering through production implementation.
Be a contributing and supportive member of the WordPress team.
Monitor and fix performance and platform related bugs as they emerge.
Play an active role in creating standard solutions, CI/CD strategy, and maintaining related infrastructure processes for the organization.
Deliver ORNL’s mission by aligning behaviors, priorities, and interactions with our core values of Impact, Integrity, Teamwork, Safety, and Service. Promote diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility by fostering a respectful workplace – in how we treat one another, work together, and measure success.

Basic Qualifications:
A Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business, Graphic Design, Marketing, or a related field of study and 5-7 years of WordPress development is required. An overall combination of equivalent experience may also be considered.
Broad understanding of the WordPress Content Management system, including core functionality and structure.
Skilled with PHP and understanding its role in the WordPress platform.
Proficiency with HTML and CSS and its role in creating consistent and scalable style across the sites and the development of design systems.
Experience working in an Agile organization and on a scrum team.
Experience in web accessibility policy, concepts, and implementation.

The successful candidate must be a highly motivated, self-starter who is comfortable working as part of a team (in any capacity). The candidate must demonstrate a strong customer focus and excellent written and verbal communications skills. A desire to continuously improve technical skills and identify opportunities where development tools meeting ORNL Standards may be used in place of non-standard tools is expected.

Preferred Qualifications:
Motivated self-starter who can work independently and to participate creatively in collaborative teams across the laboratory.
Ability to function well in a fast-paced research environment, set priorities to accomplish multiple tasks within deadlines, and adapt to ever changing needs.
Experience developing custom themes and plugins.
Skilled in using and configuring the Gutenberg editor experience.
Working knowledge of:
Git and file repo management.
Task runners such as Grunt/Gulp and NPM.
Relational database structure and concepts.
Knowledge of software development life cycle strategy, including analysis, system design, prototype development, testing, and quality assurance.
Practical knowledge of User Experience and User Interface (UX/UI) concepts and design.
Fundamental understanding of JavaScript and its role in user interface development.
Understanding of CLI programming
Understanding of CI/CD processes and its role in software development life cycle.

Special Requirements
Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
ORNL offers a flexible work environment that supports both the organization and the employee. A hybrid/onsite working arrangement may be available with this position.

Benefits at ORNL:
ORNL offers competitive pay and benefits programs to attract and retain hard-working people. The laboratory offers many employee benefits, including medical and retirement plans and flexible work hours, to help you and your family live happy and healthy. Employee amenities such as on-site fitness, banking, and cafeteria facilities are also provided for convenience.

Other benefits include the following: Prescription Drug Plan, Dental Plan, Vision Plan, 401(k) Retirement Plan, Contributory Pension Plan, Life Insurance, Disability Benefits, Generous Vacation and Holidays, Parental Leave, Legal Insurance with Identity Theft Protection, Employee Assistance Plan, Flexible Spending Accounts, Health Savings Accounts, Wellness Programs, Educational Assistance, Relocation Assistance, and Employee Discounts.

Relocation:
Moving is stressful and expensive, and UT Battelle offers a wide range of relocation benefits for individuals and families to make it easier to come and work here. If you are invited to interview, please ask your Recruiter about relocating with ORNL.

This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired.
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment.

If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov.

ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer.
Involve in all aspects of SDLC including analysis, design, develop, implement, and maintain applications and systems based on user needs using MVS & Z/OS & OS/390, JCL, COBOL, SQL, Easytrieve, CICS, DB2, IMSDB, CA-DATACOM, VSAM, File Aid, CA-7, Control-M, ChangeMan, IBM-Debugger Endevor, MQ Series, SPUFI, QMF, Expediter, GT Ivory Studio, InterTest, Roscoe Compiler, ServiceNow, and ABEND-AID . MS (BS + 5 yrs of exp) in Comp Sci, MIS, CIS, Engineering (any), or related with two years' experience. Travel required for other client locations within the U.S. Mail resumes Smart IMS, Inc, 103 Morgan Lane, Plainsboro, NJ 08536 or email resumes@smartims.com .

. In response refer to MM2021.
OSS is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business headquartered in Huntsville, AL. We are focused on "Making a Difference" in the lives of our Department of Defense Customers, Communities, and Employees. Our greatest strength is our people. We expect competence and character and look for uniquely skilled and passionate individuals bound by a collective vision to bring their best to our mission. OSS believes in taking great care of our employees, evidenced by our exemplary benefits package: OSS covers 75% of the monthly insurance cost towards employee Health Insurance, we offer multiple Principal product options, and we have a fantastic 401k plan match with eligibility to start immediately upon hire. If you are interested in an opportunity to join a great mission, supporting awesome customers with a growing company, please reach out to us to learn more!
OSS is seeking a talented web application developer that is excited about learning new technologies, and is both a team player and capable of leading full lifecycle web application development efforts. Initial projects will utilize JavaScript for application development, and MS SQL Server for database design and stored procedure programming. The primary focus will be automating business processes, to include project, acquisition, funding, and schedule processes and related data. The user interfaces developed must both provide intuitive data management features, as well as meaningful visualizations of business data for utilization by customer senior management and functional leads. This is position is mostly telework, with occasional on-site work supporting one of our valued government customers. You will have the opportunity to develop solutions from customer requirements to implementation and sustainment, and therefore must have experience doing so in previous projects, have excellent communication and documentation skills, and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Our primary objective is to provide our customers with outstanding support and dedication to help them fulfill their mission.
Requirements:
4+ years' experience developing web-based application utilizing JavaScript, web services, and MS SQL Server
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or related field
Skilled in user interface development and data visualization
Self-starter that looks for the next priority task to work once the task at hand is accomplished
Ability to keep stakeholders informed of project timelines and changes
Excellent organizational, time-management, and verbal/written communication skills
Capable in all aspects of full life cycle software development
Enjoys and excels working in a team environment
Preferred:
CompTIA Security+ certification (or equivalent)
Experience in translating informal customer requirements into technical requirements, to include business process mapping, interface design, business rules, and database design.
Experience in MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel
Experience developing and supporting SharePoint-based solutions
Experience in the Microsoft Office 365 platform, to include SharePoint Online, Teams, Power Apps, and Power BI
Security Clearance is required - therefore, only US citizens can be considered.
Offset Strategic Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, genetics, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disability status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, and compensation. We are committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities. To request a reasonable accommodation, please email us from our website contact link.
*
Experience*
Required
Capable in all aspects of Full Life Cycle Software Development
BS Degree in Computer Science, MIS or Related
4 year(s): Experience developing web-based application utilizing JavaScript, web services, and MS SQL Server.
Excellent organizational, time-management, and verbal/written communication skills
Skilled in user interface development and data visualization
Preferred
CompTIA Security+ Cert (or Equiv)
Advanced proficiency in Excel
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Licenses & Certifications
Preferred
CompTIA Security+
Behaviors
Required
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Functional Expert: Considered a thought leader on a subject
Dedicated: Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity
Team Player: Works well as a member of a group
Motivations
Required
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
Job Type: Full-time
Internally, this position is known as a Software Support Analyst. As a Veson Nautical Software Support Analyst you will provide technical support for the world’s leading developer of commercial maritime shipping software. You will have a deep understanding of our customer’s workflow and processes and will work independently and in collaboration as necessary to research and troubleshoot issues and implement appropriate solutions. You will assist clients via phone, email, web sessions, and in person. You will manage and document daily reported issues in our bug tracking system. You will collaborate with consulting and project management resources to execute client engagements. In addition, you will be responsible for identifying and driving business development opportunities for existing customers. As an expert in our products and client profiles, you will drive internal and external communications and information sharing. You will put your excellent writing skills to work to document client profiles and knowledge base content.

Qualifications
1-3 years software support experience
Proven ability to proactively address customer concerns and exceed expectations
Demonstrated planning and organizing skills
Analytical thinking and attention to details
Passion for real-time problem solving and troubleshooting complex problems
Generally enjoys working with software and computers
Willingness to conduct ad-hoc or exploratory testing
Solid computer skills and understanding of network and software technology (coding ability a plus)
Familiarity with a defect tracking tool a plus
Strong written and oral communication skills
Maritime industry experience a plus
Desire to work in fast-paced, entrepreneurial setting
Ability to rapidly adapt to changing systems and environments; proactive, positive approach to work

About Veson Nautical

We are a team of multi-cultural, multi-disciplined professionals that are dedicated to making our clients successful and charting a new, innovative course for the commercial marine industry. Veson Nautical employs a staff of extremely capable creators and innovators all focused on meeting the goals of our clients. We invest extensively in employee development and experience to maintain focus and enthusiasm. The Veson Nautical team is made up of a dynamic blend of engineers, artists, sailors, teachers, brokers, bankers, traders, consultants, and customer service experts.

Veson Nautical is a successful, rapidly growing global software company. Our clients are the world’s leading commercial maritime owners, operators and commodity trading companies. Veson’s solutions enable our clients to identify new opportunities and proactively manage their business to make more profitable decisions. With offices in Singapore, Tokyo, London, Houston and headquarters in Boston, USA, Veson Nautical is a dynamic organization with a committed team of professionals. Dedicated to ensuring the highest levels of client satisfaction, Veson Nautical brings decades of experience, technical knowledge, enthusiasm and commitment to clients around the world. The combination of exceptional market growth and leading market position make this a superb opportunity for the right candidate.
#LI-Hybrid
Veson Nautical Offers
Competitive compensation
Four weeks’ vacation to start plus 10 holidays
Generous health, dental, life, and disability insurance
Flexible Spending Plan + $250 employer contribution
401K + 4% employer match
Transportation subsidy
Friendly, informal work environment
New Office in Boston’s Seaport District
The Developer works under general supervision and will develop, test, debug and document software components commensurate with their experience under the supervision of more senior development staff in support of a software engineering effort.
Essential Job Functions:
As part of a group, review and analyze process, system and/or data requirements and specifications.
Review and contribute to component designs for a project, product and/or program.
Build, test, deploy, and document software components of a project, product, and/or program level solution.
Interface with other team members and other teams in peer review of requirements, specifications and software.
Document and communicate development status in a timely manner.
Participate in the collaborative resolution of defects.
Participate in internal process improvement initiatives. Provide feedback on processes by offering suggestions.
Assist with adherence to technology policies and comply with all security controls.
Ensure all work products meets/exceeds FINRA standards.
Education/Experience Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related discipline with at least two (2) years of related experience, or equivalent training and/or work experience.
Demonstrated technical expertise in Object Oriented and database technologies/concepts which resulted in deployment of enterprise quality solutions.
Past experience with developing enterprise quality solutions in an iterative or Agile environment.
Broad knowledge of industry leading software engineering approaches including Test Automation, Build Automation and Configuration Management frameworks.
Emerging written and verbal technical communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to develop effective working relationships that improved the quality of work products.
Should be well organized, thorough, and able to handle competing priorities.
Ability to maintain focus and develop proficiency in new skills rapidly.
Ability to work in a fast paced environment.
Knowledge of C++ programming language preferred.
Work Conditions:
Work is normally performed in an office environment.
Occasional travel and extended hours may be required.
For work that is performed in CA, CO, New York, NY and WA, the chart below outlines the proposed salary range for the corresponding location. In addition to location, actual compensation is based on various factors, including but not limited to, the candidate’s skill set, level of experience, education and internal peer compensation comparisons .
California: Minimum of $73,000, Maximum of $141,900
Colorado: Minimum of $66,200, Maximum of $118,200
New York, NY: Minimum of $79,400, Maximum of $141,900
Washington St: Minimum of $66,200, Maximum of $136,000
#LI-Hybrid
To be considered for this position, please submit an application.
The information provided above has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work of the position. It is not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required.
Please note: If the “Apply Now” button on a job board posting does not take you directly to the FINRA Careers site, enter www.finra.org/careers into your browser to reach our site directly.
FINRA strives to make our career site accessible to all users. If you need a disability-related accommodation for completing the application process, please contact FINRA's Employee Relations team at 240.386.4865 or by email at
EmployeeRelations@finra.org.
Please note that this process is exclusively for inquiries regarding application accommodations.
Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. FINRA provides comprehensive health, dental and vision insurance. Additional insurance includes basic life, accidental death and dismemberment, supplemental life, spouse/domestic partner and dependent life, and spouse/domestic partner and dependent accidental death and dismemberment, short- and long-term disability, long-term care, business travel accident, disability and legal. FINRA offers immediate participation and vesting in a 401(k) plan with company match and eligibility for participation in an additional FINRA-funded retirement contribution, tuition reimbursement and many other benefits.
Time Off and Paid Leave*
FINRA encourages its employees to focus on their health and wellness in many ways, including through a generous time-off program of 15 days of paid time off, 5 personal days and 9 sick days (all pro-rated in the first year). Additionally, we are proud to support our communities by providing two volunteer service days (based on full-time schedule). Other paid leave includes military leave, jury duty leave, bereavement leave, voting and election official leave for federal, state or local primary and general elections, care of a family member leave (available after 90 days of employment); and childbirth and parental leave (available after 90 days of employment). Full-time employees receive nine paid holidays.
Based on full-time schedule
Important Information
FINRA’s Code of Conduct imposes restrictions on employees’ investments and requires financial disclosures that are uniquely related to our role as a securities regulator. FINRA employees are required to disclose to FINRA all brokerage accounts that they maintain, and those in which they control trading or have a financial interest (including any trust account of which they are a trustee or beneficiary and all accounts of a spouse, domestic partner or minor child who lives with the employee) and to authorize their broker-dealers to provide FINRA with duplicate statements for all of those accounts. All of those accounts are subject to the Code’s investment and securities account restrictions, and new employees must comply with those investment restrictions—including disposing of any security issued by a company on FINRA’s Prohibited Company List or obtaining a written waiver from their Executive Vice President—by the date they begin employment with FINRA. Employees may only maintain securities accounts that must be disclosed to FINRA at one or more securities firms that provide an electronic feed (e-feed) of data to FINRA, and must move securities accounts from other securities firms to a firm that provides an e-feed within three months of beginning employment.

As standard practice, employees must also execute FINRA’s Employee Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreement without qualification or modification and comply with the company’s policy on nepotism.
Search Firm Representatives
Please be advised that FINRA is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for this employment opportunity. Regardless of past practice, a valid written agreement and task order must be in place before any resumes are submitted to FINRA. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at FINRA without a valid written agreement and task order in place will be deemed the sole property of FINRA and no fee will be paid in the event that person is hired by FINRA.
FINRA is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal state or local laws as appropriate, or upon the protected status of the person’s relatives, friends or associates.
FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.
FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.
WHY CEO FOUNDRY?
Get into a company which shares and enhances your skills and enthusiasm to learn new technologies. CEO Foundry, is all about encouraging our employees to be the best in every field they explore and make the most of their talents and develop their skills to great heights. Be it IT or Sales/Marketing, join CEO Foundry on a journey of success and development.
We thrive on the variety of what our employees bring to the 'work-table', and recognize the importance of what individual contributions make to the team effort. These contributions are rewarded and celebrated in order to sustain a healthy work-life balance.
CEO Foundry, is not about all work and no play. We are widely recognized as a company for offering the most comprehensive benefits package which includes:
Competitive pay.
Health insurance.
Paid vacation and personal leave.
Prepaid commute options in select cities.
Referral bonuses.
Performance-based bonuses.
Enthusiastic flexible work culture and a spirited work environment.
Sponsored technical Certification course for qualified candidates on a needs basis.
Periodic training schedules on emerging technologies on relevant topics.

Interview Process - Technical* SME

Our screening process includes technical and HR interviews which engage the candidate's coding, logical reasoning, aptitude, analytical, communication and organizational abilities.
Technical interview is primarily done to assess the candidate's technical knowledge, background and skills. CEO Foundry, may conduct upto four sets of technical interviews where the focus will be on skills such as

Interview Process - Management Consulting

Our screening process includes Experience interview, Case Inteview and Probem-solving test to discover skills that will enable you to thrive at CEO Foundry and more importantly contribute to the success of CEO Foundry's clients & customers.
Technical interview is primarily done to assess the candidate's technical knowledge, background and skills. CEO Foundry, may conduct upto four rounds of interviews with atleast one, One-on-One with the CEO
Coding skills*
Testing skills*
Analytical skills
Logical reasoning
Creative thinking and
Problem solving skills

Ready to build a great career with CEO Foundry?

Browse through our opportunities and see where you fit in CEO Foundry.
Software Engineering*
User Experience*
Systems Engineering*
Marketing
Sales
Operations Strategist
Business Architect
Business Process Reengineering
M&A Strategist
Small Business Advisors - Senior
We are constantly seeking our next team members. If you feel, you are qualified for one of the above mentioned roles, email your profile/resumes to resumes@ceofoundry.com. CEO Foundry is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to be voluntarily enrolled in E-Verify in all states in which we operate.

Position: Software Developer, .Net Web Applications, Plano TX
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: DOE

Job Summary:
As a team member and software developer, ensure delivery of project & business deliverables, and validate changes in software systems are implemented well. From a support perspective, it is expected that you will particiate in training delivery of the newly implemented system to the end users where needed and assist in design of user manuals.

Responsibilities:
Other duties may be assigned. A teammate in this position must have the ability to:
Developing mission critical web applications using .NET framework.
Use Microsoft’s web technology stack (IIS6/7, ASP.net, C#, MVC, ADO.net, Entity Framework, SOAP/REST web services, Http Handlers, Http Modules).
Effectively use client scripting technologies JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX.
Desing using Web standards (XML, DHTML, HTML5, CSS3), excellent UX leveraging third-party libraries.
Work with WCF/Web API for Web Services and MVC and/or MVVM for Applications.
Integrate MS SQL Server with Web Applications (T-SQL, ADO.NET).
Strong Experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD) patterns.
Experience with SSO technology (SAML, ADFS) is preferred.
Experience with integrating IOS and Android applications is preferred.
Practice test-driven development, continuous integration, and automated builds.

Required Experience and Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, information technology or related fields.
6+ years experience as a Software Developer, using .Net Technology framework
Strong analysis, organizational, oral and written communication skills.
Ability to work on many different assignments at one time with demonstrated follow through, attention to detail and commitment to customer service.
Ability to work in stressful situations where time demands are high and have the ability to discern priorities.
Ability to provide after hours support as needed
Ability to travel to divisions to support in upgrades, new implementations, creation or opening of new divisions.
Experience using the entire Microsoft Office Suite
Relevant Microsoft .Net Certifications (or in process of obtaining)
Savance has an opening for a Software Development Manager in our Savance Workplace product team. To apply, email resume and cover letter to: hr@savance.com, attn. Steve Bardocz, with the subject line "Savance Workplace Software Development Manager".

The Company
Savance is a fast-paced, dynamic, challenging, and demanding environment but also a fun and rewarding place to work. We are very much a team and seek candidates who are the right fit with the right attitude to bring even greater success and camaraderie to the table. To excel at Savance, you must love to be challenged, seek out opportunities to develop your skills, be confident yet humble, and be able to learn from your mistakes. We thrive on smart, independent, and self-motivated people who get along well with others. If you have a can-do attitude and seek a challenging, rewarding position with a great team, Savance is the place for you!
Position Overview:
This position will help lead the development efforts for one of Savance’s core products, Savance Workplace, focusing on visitor management, emergency mustering, and workforce management. You will lead a small team of software engineers and report directly to the CEO. You will be responsible for establishing technology and quality standards (ie, automated testing) as well as suggesting and establishing new processes and procedures to streamline the overall development and testing process.
In this role, you will be responsible to design, troubleshoot, and optimize Savance Workplace’s software solutions. You will manage every aspect of our applications and interfaces, resolve issues, and analyze trends. You will work on developing short- and long-term strategies for technology development to build and maintain a scalable software solution supported in an on-premise and cloud environment. You will be responsible for ensuring that deadlines are met. You will also be responsible for designing and implementing the goals for the software development projects your team is in charge of. It will be your task to ensure that the software meets the proper requirements and adheres to standards you will help define and enforce. As a software development manager, it may fall on you to occasionally code aspects of the software, as well as instruct team members on how to implement the proper code into the solution. You will oversee the entirety of each software project and all team members, which means that solid communication, leadership, and mentorship skills are required for this position.
The Ideal Candidate
We envision someone who has 4+ years of SaaS enterprise development experience, ideally with Azure. It might be experience that you gained as a consultant or working for a larger enterprise organization. Maybe you are tired of the large enterprise red tape and feel like it’s hard to make an impact where you’re at, or maybe you are looking around for a different opportunity within a smaller organization. If you are looking to bring your experience and expertise to a smaller team where you can make a difference and see major impacts from your contributions, this is the role for you.
Job Responsibilities:
Manage the entire development lifecycle of the Savance Workplace solution with dev project manager.
Oversee, create, and implement software products and applications.
Research and implement new technologies to lead product innovation.
Plan, direct, and coordinate the actions of the development team.
Provide technical leadership and guidance to the organization.
Act as a liaison between the software development department and senior leadership.
Design, develop, validate, deploy and maintain various applications and interfaces using current company processes, style guidelines, and technology.
Help define and comply with defined quality assurance practices and documentation.
Help the team deliver on schedule with high quality and reliability metrics.
Review change requests and support cases to remain familiar with key customer concerns and high impact support issues.
Help project manager as needed in scheduling resources and planing out sprints and releases.
Work with the product manager and marketing team to define product roadmap and release schedule.
Participate in user focus groups and other user-centered design activities as needed, including writing user stories.
Facilitate and review internal and end-user help documentation are ready, thorough, and complete in conjunction with a release or project.
Qualifications & Expectations:
Solid critical-thinking and decision-making skills.
Proficient in finding creative solutions to complex problems.
Ability to perform thorough requirements analysis – knowledge of the principles and methods to identify, analyze, specify, design, and manage functional and infrastructure requirements; includes translating functional requirements into technical requirements.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to collaborate with and lead colleagues.
Expertise in programming and debugging, with deep experience in the Microsoft stack specifically C#.
Experience with operating systems, computer architecture, and networking.
Understanding of Cloud Computing architecture and programming strategies – candidates with experience migrating/converting solutions from hosted to cloud-hosted environments preferred.
SQL Server database – proficiency in query optimization and structuring data for scalability preferred.
Experience designing and deploying high availability and highly scalable systems.
Strong JS skills – Working knowledge and understanding of Angular 6.0+ preferred, experience with React, VUE and other JS libraries also helpful.
Experience cultivating and developing JS libraries for internal development teams to streamline development and reduce code duplication.
Experience with push notifications and WebSockets in HTTP web development for mobile apps and web applications.
Experience with ASP.NET web apps, .NET WinForms, and WPF apps designed for Windows tablets, Kiosks, and desktop PCs.
Experience with mobile app tools (Native and Xamarin for iOS and Android development).
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, systems engineering, or a related field from a four-year college or university plus four to five years related experience in a senior or lead software development role, or 8-10 years experience.
Prefer candidates with a master’s degree, but it isn’t a requirement.
2+ years of experience in managing, mentoring, and leading software engineering teams.
Excellent software project management skills.
Certificates & Licenses:
Microsoft Certifications a plus
A+ Certification a plus
Project Management Professional (PMP) a plus
Software Engineering Master Certification (SEMC) a plus
Type of Person:
Passion – natural born passion for software development and engineering.
Extremely Hard-Working & Dedicated – shows relentless effort in everything they set their mind to.
Commitment to Excellence – shows achievement in previous engagements.
Organized & Focused – can manage multiple tasks and stick to deadlines.
Self-Motivated – works independently without the need to be micromanaged.
Problem-Solving – identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.
Attention to Detail – thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Test-First Mindset – knowledge of the principles, methods, and tools for analyzing and developing test processes in order to deliver developer-tested and QA tested applications ready for production use.
Customer-Focused – works with existing and prospective clients to assess their needs, resolve issues, satisfy their expectations, and is committed to providing quality products and services; can work directly with clients to build customer loyalty.
Team-Oriented – fosters commitment and team spirit; encourages and facilitates cooperation, pride, trust, and group identity; manages group processes; works with others to achieve goals.
Compensation & Benefits:
Salary based on experience
Performance-based bonuses
2 weeks of paid time off
8-10 paid holidays a year
401k with company matching
Health, dental, and vision insurance
Flexible working schedule
Option/ability to work remotely
Main Office Location:
2655 E. Oakley Park Rd. Ste 210, Commerce Township, MI 48390

Savance Workplace
Savance Workplace is a provider of enterprise-grade accountability and life safety solutions, including electronic Status Boards, Visitor Management, and Emergency Mustering systems, all customizable and working simultaneously in real-time. For more information, visit the Savance Workplace website.

Ready to Apply?
To apply, email resume and cover letter to: hr@savance.com, attn. Steve Bardocz
Senior Full Stack Developer
STR is seeking an experienced Full Stack Web Developer to work with our system engineering teams in designing and building beautiful and usable data-centric websites. This role offers an opportunity to work from the very beginning of an idea all the way to deploying a final, production-ready web application. The successful candidate will design and implement websites for our clients and projects; they will not maintain nor build the STR website. STR is seeking candidates ranging from experienced developers to technical leads; entry-level developers will not be considered for this role.
The Role:

Provide leadership on a new development effort through stages of design, implementation, and demonstration. This role will be hybrid with up to 25% of time required in either our Woburn, MA or Arlington, VA office. Specific responsibilities include:
Communicate with the team, users, and clients to develop and document requirements.
Create User-Centric and Data-Centric designs that are intuitive.
Implement complex data-driven web applications that are cross-browser, cross-device, and responsive.
Design and implement the stack for speed, scalability, and reusability.
Design and create REST and graphQL APIs.
Integrate the front-end UI with APIs.
Design and create databases.
Deploy websites to AWS.
Participate as a member of an Agile/Scrum software team.
Collaborate across numerous programs and divisions within the company.
Provide technical advice.
Be adaptable and passionate about continuous learning.
Who You Are:
Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent experience
4+ years' experience with JavaScript, CSS, CSS extension languages (LESS, Sass), CSS preprocessor tools, HTML5 and its best practices.
Demonstrated expertise with at least two of: React, Redux, Flask, Django, Node, Vue.
Demonstrated expertise with Python and at least one other back-end programming language (Java, .Net, JavaScript) and willingness to learn more.
Demonstrated expertise with graphQL and/or REST APIs.
Experience with AWS (or Azure).
Proficiency with Git version control.
Proficiency using the command line.
U.S. Citizen with ability to obtain a security clearance.
Ability to work independently.
Even Better:
Active Top Secret Security Clearance.
Experience managing subcontractors.
Experience with User Interactions and User Experience, or UI/UX research.
STR is a growing technology company with locations near Boston, MA, Arlington, VA, near Dayton, OH, Melbourne, FL, and Carlsbad, CA. We specialize in advanced research and development for defense, intelligence, and national security in: cyber; next generation sensors, radar, sonar, communications, and electronic warfare; and artificial intelligence algorithms and analytics to make sense of the complexity that is exploding around us.
STR is committed to creating a collaborative learning environment that supports deep technical understanding and recognizes the contributions and achievements of all team members. Our work is challenging, and we go home at night knowing that we pushed the envelope of technology and made the world safer.
STR is not just any company. Our people, culture, and attitude along with their unique set of skills, experiences, and perspectives put us on a trajectory to change the world. We can't do it alone, though - we need fellow trailblazers. If you are one, join our team and help to keep our society safe! Visit us at www.str.us for more info.

STR is an equal opportunity employer. We are fully dedicated to hiring the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any portion of the employment process, email us at appassist@str.us and provide your contact info.
Pursuant to applicable federal law and regulations, positions at STR require employees to obtain national security clearances and satisfy the requirements for compliance with export control and other applicable laws.
Azure Full Stack Developer
JOB DESCRIPTION
Would you like to join one of the most exciting tech companies in Southwest Virginia? Are you constantly looking for ways to improve customer experience and serve the needs of the customer? Are you passionate about cloud computing and love the challenge of solving complex technical problems at a high level?
We are looking for a talented, cloud native full stack developer to join our team at RAKE Digital Company. We are a small company of cloud engineers, developers, and digital storytellers. Our projects span the technical gamut of modern cloud environments, from serverless compute to sophisticated Kubernetes-based micro-services architectures.
The Azure Full Stack Developer will work with our cloud engineers, architects, and developers to deliver cloud native solutions in the areas of DevOps, platform automation, and application development. We’re seeking developers with an in-depth knowledge of Microsoft Azure technologies including App Services, Azure DevOps, Azure Database for SQL/MySQL/Cosmos, Container Services, and Kubernetes.
You’ll hit the ground running working on Assure, our cloud-based client funds reconciliation application. You’ll also work on our core product, platform:HR, a cloud agnostic automation platform for IT operations.
Experience a technology startup environment where your ideas and creativity are more than valued — they’re part of our DNA. We focus on skills-based growth, because we want to invest in YOU. Most importantly, we believe in honoring God by delivering amazing experiences to our customers with every interaction.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
We are seeking a candidate with the following qualifications:
4+ years design, development, and implementation of enterprise-level web applications utilizing cloud native technologies
4+ years of experience following SDLC methodologies such as Scrum or Kanban
4+ years of experience with .NET custom development using C#
4+ years of experience with W3C standard web application scripting languages and interchanges such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Ajax, XML, and jQuery
3+ years of experience with DevOps approaches for CI/CD, release management, and automation using tools such as Azure DevOps and Jenkins
3+ years of experience with Git based repositories such as Github or Bitbucket
2+ years of experience with Node.Js
2+ years of experience with React.js
2+ years of experience with Razor Pages and/or ASP.NET Core Blazor
2+ years of experience with PowerShell for Azure
2+ years of experience with Docker and/or Kubernetes
2+ years of experience with Azure ARM or Terraform

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Our ideal candidate would also have experience in the following areas:
Direct experience with deploying applications to Azure App Service
Strong preference for experience deploying to Kubernetes or developing Helm charts
Direct experience with building Jenkins or Azure DevOps pipelines
Ability to lead technology discussions / workshops with customers
Microsoft certifications for software development or cloud technologies
Direct experience with HCM, Payroll, Banking, ISV, or MSP industries
Bachelors degree in computer science or engineering
Work Location: We are currently hiring in Salem, VA as well as REMOTE POSITIONS
Travel: Limited travel required
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $70,000.00 to $90,000.00 /year
Email careers@rakedigital.com to apply!
Posted on: July 22nd, 2022 03:16 pm
Position Highlights
Intraprise Health is currently seeking a Web/UX Developer for an outstanding career opportunity working with our product development team to accelerate the advancement of our innovative cybersecurity risk management SaaS offering, Blueprint-Protect. You’ll be part of a cross-functional team that’s responsible for the complete software development life cycle, from requirement to deployment, working closely with other developers, testers, business analysts, product owners & UX/UI designers.
Role Requirements and Skills
Proven 3-5 years of experience as a Front-End Web (UX) Developer
Extensive experience in Angular (2 + years preferred), Typescript, RxJS, NgRx, and Sass.
Familiarity with SQL Server (or other SQL based RDBMS), SQL query language, and NoSQL database concepts.
Experience building secure data-driven web applications by consuming RESTful services and APIs.
Experience with Agile methodology, CI/CD and dev-ops pipelines (e.g. Azure pipelines)
Experience with source control systems such as Git.
Familiarity with common stacks and .NET frameworks.
Familiarity with SOLID programming principles.
Experience with responsive and mobile design, as well as cross-browser development and testing
Understands front-end software best practices including client-side performance optimization and how to mitigate information security risks.
Education: Bachelor of Science degree (computer science or technical major preferred) or equivalent experience
Please email resumé and cover letter to jobs@intraprisehealth.com.
University Staff
Description

University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus
School of Medicine | Department of Biomedical Informatics
Job Title: Research DevOps Software Engineer
Position: #00818530 – Requisition: #32206
Job Summary:

The Department of Biomedical Informatics at the University of Colorado School of Medicine on the Anschutz Medical Campus is looking to hire a research dev-ops software engineer to develop, maintain, and deploy scientific software. The engineer joins a growing software development team that supports the operational needs of the department and the research programs of its faculty. This position will provide an opportunity to develop maintainable open-source software products that serve multiple communities of users. Some will be publicly available to meet the needs of the research community, while others will be tools used internally by the department. The engineer will need to be able to select the most appropriate approach for the challenge at hand.
The engineer will need to work closely with faculty, other engineers, and other stakeholders to develop and maintain scientific software. Our software involves a wide variety of disciplines, such as machine learning, statistics, medicine, and biology, and takes many different forms, such as packages, web apps, web servers, workflows, and more. This position will involve designing and implementing data pipelines and CI/CD workflows, as well as managing various operational concerns like cloud deployment and containerization.
Some of the projects the engineering team has worked on can be explored at cu-dbmi.github.io/set-website. Some of the topics the department and its community of collaborators research can be explored at news.cuanschutz.edu/dbmi.
Key Responsibilities:
Software Development
Unix/Linux Shell Scripting
Cloud Computing Platforms
Microservice Architectures
Containerization


Work Location:

This role is a hybrid position, with the flexibility to explore remote work options based on certain circumstances.

Why Join Us:

The Department of Biomedical Informatics fosters a thriving community of researchers in the University of Colorado School of Medicine who are inventing and deploying advanced analytics and data or knowledge integration approaches. The goal of building this community is to make the Anschutz Medical Campus a leader in translating data into advances in research practice, health care delivery, and population health, and to scale these innovations to offer worldwide benefit.
The University of Colorado offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes health insurance, life insurance, retirement plans, tuition benefits, ECO pass, paid time off – vacation, sick, holidays and more. To see what benefits are available, please visit:

Diversity and Equity:

The University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus is committed to recruiting and supporting a diverse student body, faculty, and administrative staff. The university strives to promote a culture of inclusiveness, respect, communication and understanding. We encourage applications from women, ethnic minorities, persons with disabilities, persons within the LGBTQ+ community and all veterans. The University of Colorado is committed to diversity and equality in education and employment.

Qualifications:

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in software development or a directly related field from an accredited institution.
A combination of education and related technical/paraprofessional experience may be substituted for the bachelor’s degree on a year for year basis.
Three (3) years of software or system engineering, bioinformatics, or directly related IT professional experience.
Two (2) years of experience with Unix/Linux shell scripting.
Two (2) years of experience with orchestrating deployment on cloud computing platforms (Google Cloud, AWS, Azure), including:
Provisioning virtual machines (VMs).
Configuring network access for VMs.
Managing identity and access management (IAM), including creating service accounts.
Managing object storage (e.g. AWS S3, GCS).
Managing persistent disks attached to VMs.
Two (2) years of experience implementing microservice architectures.
Two (2) years of experience with containerizing applications with Docker, containerd, etc.
Applicants must meet minimum qualifications at the time of hire.
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's degree in software development or a directly related field from an accredited institution.
Documented open-source contributions.
Three (3) years of experience with Unix/Linux shell scripting.
Two (2) years of experience with data orchestration tools (Airflow, Dagster, Prefect, etc.).
Two (2) years of experience with container orchestration tools (Docker Compose/Swarm, Kubernetes, etc.).
One (1) year of experience with Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) tools, such as Terraform or Pulumi
One (1) year of experience with deployment management automation tools, such as Ansible
One (1) year of experience using cloud-based data warehouse technologies (e.g. Google BigQuery).
Experience migrating large production systems between physical hardware and/or different cloud providers.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Ability to communicate effectively, both in writing and orally.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees at all levels throughout the institution as well as with geographically distributed collaborators.
Commitment to advance diversity and inclusion.
Ability to interact with people of varying technical levels to gather requirements and convey complex technical concepts.
Ability to interact effectively and respectfully with a team of developers with complementary competencies.
Any familiarity with machine learning, statistics, medicine, or biology is a plus.


How to Apply:

For full consideration, please submit the following document(s):
1. Curriculum vitae / Resume
2. A cover letter addressing how the candidate meets the minimum and, if relevant, preferred requirements for the position.
3. Links to 1-3 source code repositories with open-source contributions, if applicable.
4. List of professional references, including name, address, phone number (mobile number if appropriate), and email address.
Questions should be directed to: Michelle Fiandra michelle.fiandra@cuanschutz.edu

Screening of Applications Begins:

Screening of applications begins immediately and continues until position is filled.

Anticipated Pay Range:

The starting salary range (or hiring range) for this position has been established as $97,081 - $120,000.
The above salary range (or hiring range) represents the University’s good faith and reasonable estimate of the range of possible compensation at the time of posting. This position may be eligible for overtime compensation, depending on the level.
Your total compensation goes beyond the number on your paycheck. The University of Colorado provides generous leave, health plans and retirement contributions that add to your bottom line.
Total Compensation Calculator:

ADA Statement:

The University will provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities throughout the employment application process. To request an accommodation pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, please contact the Human Resources ADA Coordinator at hr.adacoordinator@cuanschutz.edu.

Background Check Statement:

The University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus is dedicated to ensuring a safe and secure environment for our faculty, staff, students, and visitors. To assist in achieving that goal, we conduct background investigations for all prospective employees.

Vaccination Statement:

CU Anschutz strongly encourages vaccination against the COVID-19 virus and other vaccine preventable diseases. If you work, visit, or volunteer in healthcare facilities or clinics operated by our affiliated hospital or clinical partners or by CU Anschutz, you will be required to comply with the vaccination and medical surveillance policies of the facilities or clinics where you work, visit, or volunteer, respectively. In addition, if you work in certain research areas or perform certain safety sensitive job duties, you must enroll in the occupational health medical surveillance program.

Application Materials Required : Cover Letter, Resume/CV, List of References
Job Category : Information Technology
Primary Location : Aurora
Department : U0001 - Anschutz Med Campus or Denver - 21925 - SOM-BIOMED Informatics Gen Ops
Schedule : Full-time
Posting Date : Dec 20, 2023
Unposting Date : Ongoing
Posting Contact Name : Michelle Fiandra
Posting Contact Email : michelle.fiandra@cuanschutz.edu
Position Number : 00818530
Job Description
Title: Lead .NET Developer

Location: NYC, NY

The Team:
You will be an expert contributor and part of the S&P Global Rating Analytical Application Engineering Team. This team has a broad and expert knowledge of Ratings Publish Data across all asset classes. The team has diverse experience in technology stacks. All Engineering team members provide leadership, innovation, timely delivery, and the ability to articulate business value.

What’s in it for you:
If you are an individual that brings demonstrated experience of leading and delivering strategy projects using latest cloud based, Databricks, & Containerization technologies, this is an excellent opportunity. I am looking for someone with sound technical knowledge, who has worked on designing complex systems and has led transformational initiatives with a high volume of data.

Responsibilities:
Lead, Design solutions to the requirements and problem statements to solve
Hands on technical expertise in design and implementation of Web API with modern AWS cloud technologies and Azure.
Work closely with Product Management and Quality Assurance teams to develop various features
Partner with senior lead and architects to ensure best use of standards for the key data domains and use cases
Be in tune with emerging trends and participate in evaluation of new technologies
Ensure compliance through the adoption of enterprise standards and promotion of best practice / guiding principles aligned with organization standards
What We’re Looking For
Bachelor or Masters degree in Computer Science or Information Technology
10+ years of experience in developing complex systems in .Net
An understanding of software patterns and practices. Deliver high quality, well written code that is quickly understood, efficiently supported, testable, and easily maintained by others
Modern web application development experience, Design simple and intuitive user experiences and contribute thoughtful ideas to continuously improve and refine applications
Must have foundational logical and creative level experience with many technologies including VB.NET, C#.NET, ASP.NET, C#.net Core, Rest WebAPI, HTML5, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, Angular, Oracle sql database programming
Experience developing web applications using .NET Framewrk 4.5 + and .Net Core
Design build and maintain efficient and reusable VB.NET, C# code using design patterns.
Experience building and consuming JSON-based ASP.NET Web API services.
Help build a suite of unit tests and participate in developer peer code reviews
Collaborate closely with team members to review and assess business requirements, and to develop technical solutions
Be an active participant in various internal status meetings held as needed and have a good Agile working environment understanding
Communicate updates, progress, and risks to all internal stakeholders, assist with external communications as requested
Experience with Container Management (i.e. Docker, Kubernetes), Micro Services
Expert knowledge of Agile approaches to software development and able to put key Agile principles into practice to deliver solutions incrementally.
Monitors industry trends and directions; develops and presents substantive technical recommendations to senior management
Excellent analytical thinking, interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills with strong ability to influence both IT and business partners
Ability to prioritize and manage work to critical project timelines in a fast-paced environment
Grade/Level ( relevant for internal and external applicants ): 11

Compensation/Benefits Information:
S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range for this position is $100,200 - $185,000. Base salary ranges may vary by geographic location.

This role is eligible to receive S&P Global benefits.

For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit https://www.spgbenefitessentials.com/newhires .

The Location: New York, USA

About Company Statement:
S&P Global delivers essential intelligence that powers decision making. We provide the world’s leading organizations with the right data, connected technologies and expertise they need to move ahead. As part of our team, you’ll help solve complex challenges that equip businesses, governments, and individuals with the knowledge to adapt to a changing economic landscape.

S&P Global Ratings offers critical insights for credit, risk and sustainable finance solutions that are essential to translating complexity into clarity, so market participants can uncover opportunities.

S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

-----------------------------------------------------------

Equal Opportunity Employer
S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

US Candidates Only: The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

----------------------------------------------------------- 20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), IFTECH202.2 - Middle Professional Tier II (EEO Job Group), SWP Priority – Ratings - (Strategic Workforce Planning)

Job ID: 291569
Posted On: 2023-08-14
Location: New York, New York, United States
At Broadridge, we've built a culture where the highest goal is to empower others to accomplish more. If you’re passionate about developing your career, while helping others along the way, come join the Broadridge team.
Broadridge is hiring! We’re seeking a Senior Software Engineer too join our Investor Communications Division. You will have the opportunity to work with cutting edge technologies while supporting Broadridge’s high profile clients. If you're passionate about a position that plays a vital role in the delivery of quality client solutions, we want to review your background!
We are made up of high performing teams that meet in person to learn and collaborate as needed. This role is considered hybrid, which means you’ll be assigned to a Broadridge office and be on-site two days a week.
Responsibilities
You will work with product managers, business users, and other members of the team to understand software requirements and author code that satisfies those requirements.
Collaborate with team members to craft and implement multi-tiered enterprise solutions that are feature-rich, performant, and maintain a high degree of test automation.
Provide technical expertise and leadership to more junior levels of the software engineering staff.
Participate in daily stand up meetings, team design sessions, code reviews, and contribute to architectural decisions.
Perform coding following the best software engineering principles, including detailing software design and code.
Work to improve your skills and capabilities and those of other developers through experimentation, training, and knowledge transfer.
You will be responsible for the analysis of project requirements and the development of technical specifications.
Regularly review overall project progress with technology and business line teams.
Be on top of the identification and mitigation of risk for service delivery projects
Deliver accurate effort estimates for work you're performing
Qualifications:
You'll have 7+ years’ experience within a programming and applications system environment such as: Java/JEE/Spring, Angular (or similar JS framework), Tomcat, SQL scripting, Unix shell scripting, RESTful APIs, GIT, Agile development, JIRA – With Anguar experience critical for this role.
Experience with Python, Docker, Continuous Integration pipelines, nodeJS, AWS/Cloud, JIRA, Machine Learning.
Having hands on experience in any relational database, such as SQL Server, Oracle Having hands on experience building REST services Having experience with Test Driven development (Unit test in .NET and familiar with Jasmine Karma unit testing)
Full SDLC development methodologies including Agile methodologies like SCRUM and Kanban.
Proficient with both front-end and back-end coding languages, development frameworks and third-party libraries
Experience using cloud architecture(s) for the enablement of elasticity, horizontal scalability, automation and high availability with technologies such as AWS S3, Lambda, API Gateway, and Cloudwatch Demonstrable understanding of API integration, including authentication concepts, HTTP requests/responses, API tools such as Postman or Fiddler, etc.
Having experience with all phases of application programming.
Experience working in Agile methodologies including SCRUM/Kanban and Jira
Work effectively on multiple projects at once.
Enjoys working in a highly effective, Agile, deadline driven, and fast-paced team environment.
Demonstrates creative problem skills, dedication to excellence, and has an ambitious spirit.
You'll develop, test, debug and implement code for existing and/or new applications and/or systems.
You will help create architectural blueprints and establish best engineering practices for the team to follow.
You'll implement automated unit and integration testing of applications/solutions.
You will embrace best software engineering practices and help onboard our applications onto a Continuous Integration pipeline.
You will work with users and QA to perform Quality Assurance testing of applications and resolve all reported defects/issues
Superb communication skills and a desire to collaborate openly within a fast paced team.
You'll demonstrate knowledge in the software implementation lifecycle and specific programming languages.
You'll possess a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, or equivalent education and experience.
Compensation Range: The salary range for this position is between $90,000 - $110,000. Broadridge considers various factors when evaluating a candidate's final salary including, but not limited to, relevant experience, skills, and education.
Bonus Eligibility: Bonus Eligible
Benefits Information: Please visit
www.broadridgebenefits.com
for more information on our comprehensive benefit offerings
#LI-PP1

Broadridge associates helped us envision our Connected Workplace - a work model that allows associates around the globe, dependent upon their role responsibilities, to take advantage of the benefits of both on-site and off-site work to support our clients, one another, and the communities where we live and work. Our Connected Workplace is grounded in the concept of FACS: Flexible, Accountable, Connected, and Supported, which is our commitment to our associates. FACS supports our strong culture and allows us to achieve business goals while supporting meaningful work-life integration for our associates.

We are dedicated to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment and committed to providing a workplace that empowers associates to be authentic and bring their best to work. We believe that associates can only do their best when they feel safe, understood, and valued, and we work diligently and collaboratively to ensure Broadridge is a company—and ultimately a community—that recognizes and celebrates diversity in all its dimensions.
Disability Assistance
We recognize that ensuring our long-term success means creating an environment where everyone is welcome, where everyone's strengths are valued, and where everyone can perform at their best. Broadridge provides equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ethnic origin, age, disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, and other protected characteristics protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. US applicants: Click
here
to view the "EEO is the Law" poster.
If you need assistance or would like to request reasonable accommodations during the application and/or hiring process, please contact us at 888-237-7769 or by sending an email to
BRcareers@broadridge.com
.
Job Description
Location: Remote
Title: Zoho Platform Developer
Type: Full-Time
Requirement: Highly fluent in English and Spanish
Who we Are
InterConnecta is a leading global Zoho consulting services optimizer and a Zoho Advanced Partner. For more than a decade, we’ve helped academic institutions, government agencies, and non-profit organizations; as well as small, mid-sized, and large businesses in many industries around the world to connect and optimize their workflows in the cloud with Zoho.
Qualifications
Basic Qualifications
Degree in Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, or any other related field; or equivalent work experience.
1-2 years of experience working in the Zoho, Salesforce, or general ERP space.
Preferred Qualifications
Create custom functions using Deluge for Zoho Creator, CRM, Desk, etc.
Improve architecture and optimize the performance of complex Zoho-based implementations.
Integrate Zoho with third-party applications, working with other members of our development team.
Experience with Zoho Deluge, workflow rules, custom functions.
Experience in integrating Zoho with other systems.
Zoho Creator certification is not required, but will be valued.
Professional Skills
Able to work independently and as part of an international team.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills for collaboration with team members, management and customers directly.
Familiar with common digital means of communication including instant messaging, email, text, etc.
Highly proficient in English and Spanish languages.
Benefits
By joining InterConnecta, you will be part of a horizontal and multicultural organization, where everyone is treated equally.
Highly flexible hours (Monday thru Friday).
Remote work for healthy work/life balance.
Paid holidays, vacations, and personal/sick time.
Maternity and paternity leave.
Possible other benefits based on location.
Compensation: Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location.
Equal Employment Opportunity
InterConnecta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. No one will be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, race, creed, ethnicity, gender, genetics, marital or family status, religion or any other basis as protected by law.
InterConnecta is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service people.
Find your WHY at Reid Health:
Responsible for overseeing all aspects of the enterprise interface environment. This includes the implementation, configuration, coordination, maintenance, troubleshooting, security, monitoring, and support documentation of interfaces between various hospital applications. Integrations can include HL7, batch, custom scripts, etc. as required. Incumbent must ensure the interface environment maintains the highest reliability and performance along with keeping the environment on the forefront of current technologies. Incumbent works closely with other Information Technology staff serving as a technical coordinator between departments, our Epic system, and outside vendors. In-depth knowledge of Epic software is obtained by attending Epic training with completion of application certification projects and tests. Training may be onsite at Verona, Wisconsin or virtually from the office.

Our values of Excellence, Empathy, Integrity and Accountability are essential to exceed our customers’ expectations. At Reid, we look for individuals who believe in our core values and demonstrate a genuine desire to make a positive impact to those we serve. We take pride in employing people who show up every day with a commitment to these values along with our mission and vision. We are one team working toward a common goal of providing outstanding customer care and service to our communities. If you have a calling to serve and are looking for meaningful and purposeful work, Reid Health is the place for you.

To lead our communities to well-being, one person at a time. It is not just what we do – it is who we are.
Overview of Responsibilities:
1. Develops and maintain system interfaces.
2. Focuses on HL7 integration supporting back-end processes for financial and clinical applications and reporting.
3. Leads analysis of current state.
4. Works with end-users and project teams to analyze and document data and workflow processes.
5. Analyzes interface specifications from both the sending and receiving systems to determine feasibility and interface methodology.
6. Ensures proper system integration and functional performance of interfaces.
7. Develops scripts to move data files and reports between systems.
8. Assists with maintenance of integrated infrastructure including routine support, upgrades, problem diagnosis and performance tuning.
9. Provides technical subject matter expertise and business process knowledge to project teams analyzing systemic or process issues within assigned areas.
10. Provides input on alternative solutions ensuring project team is fully educated on required effort, technical constraints, and impacts to existing system stability.
11. Assists departments / project teams in defining requirements for new systems.
12. Assists project manager in development of project plans focusing on technical work requirements and effort.
13. Participates in vendor selection process including demonstrations and functional comparison activities.
14. Leads system design teams ensuring all business processes are addressed within specifications.
15. Provides input into contract / statement of work for new systems / functionality in supported areas.
16. Provides input to design team in development of updated process diagrams and any other elements of the design as defined by the project team.
17. Writes design specifications.
18. Completes system build / development tasks based on design specifications.
19. Completes unit testing of system components validating accuracy of build as defined by specifications.
20. Coordinates cross-functional integrated testing and tracking issues.
21. Develops comprehensive test plans that cover organizational business processes affected by implementation.
22. Participates in testing using test scripts to validate business processes.
23. Participates in development and validation of training material.
24. Participates in training sessions ensuring appropriate knowledge transfer to end users.
25. Participates in go-live event developing detailed plan, coordinating resources, provides support, training, and troubleshooting assistance.
26. Provides technical support to system end users functioning as the primary resource for managing and resolving system issues.
27. Maintains software for assigned systems at supportable levels and communicate available updates and enhancements to end users.
28. Monitors incident tickets and provides timely resolution of same.
29. Maintains detailed system documentation reflecting system architecture, security, and other requirements as defined in documentation templates.
30. Develops project plans for small to medium implementations / upgrades.
31. Participates in change management activities for assigned systems.
32. Coordinates optimization activities proactively identifying improvements that allow end users to function more effectively.
33. Coordinates resolution of issues requiring cross-functional teams for resolution.
34. Provides leadership and guidance to mentor caregivers in how interfaces work and can be used within the enterprise.
35. Communicates successfully at all levels of the organization.
36. Functions independently executing assignments with minimal oversight.
37. Participates in implementations having high complexity / organizational visibility.
38. Keeps abreast of current industry developments and trends.
39. Advises supervisor of progress on projects and any key issues.
40. Understand the Quality Assurance and Improvement Plan and participate in department activities as requested.
41. Perform other assignments as specified by supervisor.
Education/Experience:
Education/Experience Required:
1. Three (3) to four (4) year experience with Information Technology application development, training, and implementation in a healthcare setting.
2. Completion of Bridges Epic certification within four (4) months of hiring.
Education/Experience Preferred: Bachelors or Associates Degree in related field.
Licensure: None
Certifications: Epic Bridges
Has a thorough understanding of information technology and a good working knowledge of recent developments in software systems, programming languages, utility software, report writers and query languages, relational databases, networking, and computer equipment.
Has excellent organizational skills.
Has experience developing HL7 interfaces on industry standard integration engine i.e., Health Share, Ensemble, or Cloverleaf.
Has experience with XML, Java, Web Services, and SQL.
Good understanding of the Epic system and integration to related systems.
Able to plan and control large scale interface systems and related projects.
Able to gather and document business and information systems requirements for hospital departments and provide the formal analysis and design for recommended solutions.
Must be able to work effectively in a team environment and meet project timelines with specific deliverables.
Handles a large volume of changes and adjustments for the hospital environment.
Is conscientious, accurate, and capable of reacting logically to unusual or stressful situations and exercise good judgment skills.
Proficient with the MS Office Professional Family Suite; Outlook, Word, Excel, Visio, and Power Point.
Schedule Details: Day Shift. Monday – Friday 8a – 5p What We Offer:

Unexpected Perks - Daycare, Doordash, SmartDollar, Daily Pay, therapy dogs, massages, Forbes rated Best Places to Work 2022
Stay Connected:
Not quite what you are looking for? Submit your information here for general consideration. One of our employment specialists will be in touch with next steps.
Other Information:
EEO Statement: Reid Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:
Reid Health does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at Reid Health via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a vaild written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by Reid Health.

Application FAQs
Bloomberg Media empowers global business leaders with breaking news, expert opinion and proprietary data distributed with global reach to over 30 million unique visitors a month. Media Infrastructure is responsible for the application platform that helps make that possible. The platform is our product, and the other engineers in Media are our customers. We focus on automation of application and infrastructure workflows that empower our customers to do their best work, and we collaborate closely with them to build best-in-class technology and tools.

This role will give you an opportunity to hone your platform engineering skills and develop standards for deploying applications in a hybrid cloud environment. You'll gain hands-on experience with public cloud and cloud native technologies, and you'll work with your colleagues to design and implement code that orchestrates these technologies in an automated, repeatable way. You'll also have the opportunity to participate in the wider community of platform and reliability engineering at Bloomberg - providing opportunities for learning and sharing with other experts in the field.

We'll trust you to:
Work with a diverse team of engineers to learn our technology and business
Contribute to our platform that deploys application workloads across public and private clouds
Embrace Agile principles to deliver iteratively, measure impact, and improve team velocity
Engage with customers to understand and empower their engineering work
Demonstrate ownership of core infrastructure such as Kubernetes clusters and load balancers
You need to have:
4+ years working with an interpreted language like Javascript, Ruby, or Python
Experience with cloud native technologies like Kubernetes, Terraform, and Docker
A Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, similar field of study or equivalent work experience.
We'd love to see:
Fullstack web development experience
Experience with a major public cloud provider like AWS
Familiarity with CI/CD and how it fits into the software development lifecycle
Understanding of networking concepts like firewall, proxies, DNS, etc

Bloomberg is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not
discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender identity or expression, genetic predisposition or carrier status, marital status, national or ethnic origin, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, parental or caring status, physical or mental disability, pregnancy or maternity/parental leave, protected veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, or any other classification protected by applicable law.

Bloomberg provides reasonable adjustment/accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable adjustment/accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable adjustment/accommodation include but are not limited to making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you would prefer to discuss this confidentially, please email AMER_recruit@bloomberg.net (Americas), EMEA_recruit@bloomberg.net (Europe, the Middle East and Africa), or APAC_recruit@bloomberg.net (Asia-Pacific), based on the region you are submitting an application for.

Salary Range: 160,000 - 240,000 USD Annually + Benefits + Bonus

The referenced salary range is based on the Company's good faith belief at the time of posting. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as geographic location, work experience, market conditions, education/training and skill level.

We offer one of the most comprehensive and generous benefits plans available and offer a range of total rewards that may include merit increases, incentive compensation [Exempt roles only], paid holidays, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, short and long term disability benefits, 401(k) +match, life insurance, and various wellness programs, among others. The Company does not provide benefits directly to contingent workers/contractors and interns.
Software Development Tooling Application Owner - Associate
Job ID: R0270870
Full/Part-Time: Full-time

Regular/Temporary: Regular
Listed: 2023-12-07

Location: Jacksonville

Position Overview
Job Title Software Development Tooling Application Owner
Corporate Title Associate
Location Jacksonville, FL
Overview
The goal of Developer Tooling (DT) is to provide enterprise development tools as services for teams across Deutsche Bank, enabling them to reach higher levels of maturity in their process. These services consist of all necessary to support teams from initial Program/Project investment governance decisions and subsequently management through development, testing, deployment as well as compliance with the Bank’s software processes using tools such as Bitbucket, JIRA, Confluence, TeamCity, Artifactory, Urban Code Deploy, MF asset and liability management (ALM). The Information Technology (IT) Application Owner (ITAO) has sound IT risk management skills follow one of a number of possible service delivery approaches, acknowledge interference with the IT application’s life cycle and assist with incorporating the adopted approach into best practice. The IT Application Owner (ITAO) supports the Bank’s audit function in the remediation of audit points and self-identified issues in order to reduce risk. They are responsible for producing and maintaining accurate documentation on compliance with methodologies, IT policies and IT security requirements, as well as interacting with and influences colleagues on the governance of IT platform reliability and resilience.
What We Offer You
A diverse and inclusive environment that embraces change, innovation, and collaboration
A hybrid working model, allowing for in-office / work from home flexibility, generous vacation, personal and volunteer days
Employee Resource Groups support an inclusive workplace for everyone and promote community engagement
Competitive compensation packages including health and wellbeing benefits, retirement savings plans, parental leave, and family building benefits
Educational resources, matching gift and volunteer programs
What You’ll Do
Contribute to automate production processes and minimize manual intervention, while supporting in the usage of the continuous integration/continuous deployment or development (CI/CD) toolchain for his Squad and own responsibility of user acceptance testing (UAT) and Production deployments
Build up technical subject matter expertise on the applications/platforms being supported including business flows, the application architecture, and the hardware configuration
Provide input to application/infrastructure scalability, as well as build, expand, enhance, and maintain CI/CD automation pipeline across Dev, quality assurance (QA), user acceptance testing (UAT), and Prod environments
Monitors and reports on application up-time, performance, and other metrics, in addition to providing L3 Application Support for complex internally and externally developed applications
Lead and prioritize the Application Support team’s workload, while engaging in the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) to enhance Production Standards and controls
Conduct strategic planning for the product/application on capacity, performance & consumption (Forecast and management based on business plans)
Skills You’ll Need
Familiar with the SDLC and Agile practices and able to translate requirements into technical solutions whilst communicating effectively both in and outside the team
Extensive hands-on experience in DevOps, CI/CD and L3 Support
Expertise in SDLC tools - Jama, Jira, Bitbucket, Artifactory, Teamcity, Udeploy, Liquibase, Jenkins, Jira, Teraforms, Groovy with experience working in an agile team, practicing Scrum, Kanban, or XP, as well as with Java development, Spring, Hibernate, REST, SOAP, Ansible; using Terraform, GitHub, GitHub actions, HashiCorp stack
Programming / scripting for automation / plugin development (Java/Groovy) and Database analysis/reporting & Monitoring basics with knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL) and relational databases with a strong knowledge of Windows, UNIX/Linux operating systems and networking/infrastructure
Strong experience and commitment to deliver in Agile process highlighting change while accelerating delivery
Skills That Will Help You Excel
Excellent communication and problem-solving skills with team culture
Must be adaptable to different responsibilities and possess strong communications skills in order to work effectively with team members and stakeholders
Learning new technologies and languages
Experience in building, running, and scaling microservices using Kubernetes, GKE, Docker, monitoring services like (Prometheus, DataDog, New Relic etc.) etc. is strongly preferred
Expectations
It is the Bank’s expectation that employees hired into this role will work in the Jacksonville office in accordance with the Bank’s hybrid working model.
Deutsche Bank provides reasonable accommodations to candidates and employees with a substantiated need based on disability and/or religion.
The salary range for this position in Jacksonville is $60,000 to $90,000. Actual salaries may be based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, a candidate’s skill set, experience, education, work location and other qualifications. Posted salary ranges do not include incentive compensation or any other type of renumeration.
Deutsche Bank Values & Diversity
We believe talent is found in all cultures, countries, races, ethnicities, genders, sexual orientations, disabilities, beliefs, generations, backgrounds and experiences. We pursue a working environment where everyone can be authentic and feel a sense of belonging. Click here to find out more about our diversity and inclusion efforts.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.
Click these links to view the following notices: EEO is the Law poster and supplement ; Employee Rights and Responsibilities under the Family and Medical Leave Act ; Employee Polygraph Protection Act and Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision
Learn more about your life at DB through the eyes of our current employees: https://careers.db.com/life
The California Consumer Privacy Act outlines how companies can use personal information. If you are interested in receiving a copy of Deutsche Bank’s California Privacy Notice please email HR.Direct@DB.com .
Deutsche Bank Benefits
At Deutsche Bank, we recognize that our benefit programs have a profound impact on our colleagues. That’s why we are focused on providing benefits and perks that enable our colleagues to live authentically and be their whole selves, at every stage of life. We provide access to physical, emotional, and financial wellness benefits that allow our colleagues to stay financially secure and strike balance between work and home. Click here to learn more!
#LI-HYBRID
#LI-REMOTE
#LI-ONSITE
Our values define the working environment we strive to create – diverse, supportive and welcoming of different views. We embrace a culture reflecting a variety of perspectives, insights and backgrounds to drive innovation. We build talented and diverse teams to drive business results and encourage our people to develop to their full potential. Talk to us about flexible work arrangements and other initiatives we offer.
We promote good working relationships and encourage high standards of conduct and work performance. We welcome applications from talented people from all cultures, countries, races, genders, sexual orientations, disabilities, beliefs and generations and are committed to providing a working environment free from harassment, discrimination and retaliation.

Visit Inside Deutsche Bank to discover more about the culture of Deutsche Bank including Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, Leadership, Learning, Future of Work and more besides.



We are an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. Click these links to view the following notices: "EEO is the Law poster" and supplement ; Employee Rights and Responsibilities under the Family and Medical Leave Act ; Employee Polygraph Protection Act and Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision .

Salary
$29.37 - $46.99 Hourly
$61,089 - $97,742 Annually
This position is a Pay Band ID
Posting Details
This posting will be used for ongoing recruitment and may close at any time. Applicant lists may be screened more than once.
Why does the job exist?
This position will be responsible for the development and maintenance of a new user-friendly website for the Aging and Long-Term Services Department that will be extremely informative to the public, but especially to the senior population seeking available services. The person in this position will also measure and provide analytics that will inform Agency decision-making necessary to better serve our constituents.
How does it get done?
Utilize the most up to date website development technologies and software to develop a user-friendly website.
Coordinate projects to design and launch web portals, static sites, and interactive domains for agency projects.
Prepare mockups of website development.
Establish milestones and schedules to meet deliverables on time.

1. Website Development
Utilize the most up to date website development technologies and software to develop a user-friendly website.
Coordinate projects to design and launch web portals, static sites, and interactive domains for agency projects.
Prepare mockups of website development.
Establish milestones and schedules to meet deliverables on time.
Troubleshoot problems with development, integration and go-live.

2. Website Maintenance
Maintain website content and the flow of information.
Manage and monitor server performance.
Configure web servers.
Upload and update web content.

3. Project Management
Work with ALTSD divisions to conduct business process consulting and analysis services related to web development projects.
Project discovery: documenting current state of the business requirements.
Provide project status and progress reports.
Project testing and operational deployment to test and validate solution meets documented requirements.
Ensure ongoing achievement of discreet key performance indicators.
Who are the customers?
ALTSD programs provide vital care and solutions to our aging and disabled adults, and their families/caregivers. Technology helps address the social isolation issues that are being experienced in a greater respect, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. They are also key in allowing access to resources provided by ALTSD in a safe and efficient manner, to protect those we serve.
Ideal Candidate
Website maintenance and design
Creative and imaginative
Multi-task and problem-solving skills
Analytical and critical thinking capabilities
Interpersonal and collaborative skills
Written and verbal communication skills
Minimum Qualification
Associate's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems (MIS), Information Technology, Engineering or similar technical degree and two (2) years of experience in software programming. Substitutions Apply. See Substitution Table below.
Substitution Table
These combinations of education and experience qualify you for the position:
Education
Experience
Education
Experience

1
High School Diploma or Equivalent
AND
4 years of experience
OR
High School Diploma or Equivalent
AND
4 years of experience

2
Associate's degree in the field(s) specified in the minimum qualification
AND
2 years of experience
Associate's degree or higher in any field
AND
4 years of experience

3
Bachelor's degree or higher in the field(s) specified in the minimum qualification
AND
0 years of experience

Education and years of experience must be related to the purpose of the position.
If Minimum Qualification requires a specific number of "semester hours" in a field (e.g. 6 semester hours in Accounting), applicants MUST have those semester hours in order to meet the minimum qualifications. No substitutions apply for semester hours.
Employment Requirements
Must possess and maintain a valid Driver's License. Must possess and maintain a current Defensive Driving Course Certificate from the State of New Mexico or must pass and receive Defensive Driving Course Certification within 90 days of employment.

Pre-employment background investigation is required and is conditional pending results.
Working Conditions
Work is performed in an office setting with exposure to Visual/Video Display Terminal (VDT) and extensive personal computer and phone usage. Some sitting, standing, bending and reaching may be required. Ability to lift/carry up to 50 lbs.
Supplemental Information
Benefits:
Do you know what Total Compensation is? Click here
Agency Contact Information: Director of External Affairs Email
For information on Statutory Requirements for this position, click the Classification Description link on the job advertisement.
Bargaining Unit Position
This position is not covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
Who Are We?
Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.
Job Category
Technology
Compensation Overview
The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.
Salary Range
$115,700.00 - $190,900.00
Target Openings
1
What Is the Opportunity?
Travelers is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join our organization as we grow and transform our Technology landscape, this role will be supporting the CRM Analytics platform. This individual will work closely with the product teams and CRMA developers to ensure user story definitions align to business requirements. This role will be responsible for CRMA org migration strategies, ensuring platform design best practices, adhering to enterprise governance standards. Individual will complete advanced end to end engineering tasks that span many parts of the system including designing, developing, analyzing, configuring, testing, debugging, troubleshooting, documenting, health monitoring/alerting, and implementing based on user or system specifications. Individual will also consult with users to determine hardware, software or system functional specifications, manage the effective use of resources, act as subject matter expert across multiple applications, work as a release manager for delivery team and work closely with the product team to determine capacity and release planning.
What Will You Do?
Perform analysis, design, development, and configuration functions (includes defining technical requirements) with a high degree of accuracy and speed, operating as an individual contributor to team goals.
Perform analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of advanced complexity and escalate appropriately.
Work independently to tackle well-scoped and loosely scoped problems.
Seek opportunities to expand technical knowledge and capabilities.
Provide technical guidance and mentorship to less experienced employees.
Perform other duties as assigned.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
2+ years of CRM Analytics development experience preferred
Strongly prefer candidate with a strong understanding of CRMA platform architecture, security predicates, dependency management and design fundamentals.
Strongly prefer candidate with a strong understanding of enterprise data architecture and CRM data modeling.
Delivery - Advanced delivery skills including the ability to determine the software design strategy and methodology to be used for efforts, use automated tests, analysis, and informed feedback loops to ensure the quality and production readiness of work before release, monitor the health of work efforts and that of adjacent systems.
Domain Expertise - Demonstrated track record of domain expertise including the ability to develop business partnerships and influence priorities by identifying solutions that are aligned with current business objective and closely follow industry trends relevant to domain, understanding how to apply them, and sharing knowledge with coworkers.
Problem Solving - Strong problem solver who utilizes data and proofs of concepts to find creative solutions to difficult problems, reflects on solutions, measuring their impact, and uses that information to ideate and optimize. Also adept at making decisions that involve a significant number of factors with broad implications.
Communication - Strong communicator who possesses the ability to describe technology concepts in ways the business can understand, document initiatives in a concise and clear manner, collaborate effectively with teammates and others regardless of role, quickly extract core issues from discussions and meetings, give and receive constructive feedback, offer help when asked, and ensure everyone has a chance to share their thoughts and are heard; an attentive and empathetic listener.
Leadership - Advanced leadership skills with the ability to take action even when there is no clear owner, inspire and motivate others, and be effective at influencing team members.
What is a Must Have?
Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent in work experience.
Two years of programming/development experience.
What Is in It for You?
Health Insurance: Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers.
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays.
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals. In addition, our Life Balance program provides access to professional counseling services, life coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs. Through Life Balance, you’re eligible for five free counseling sessions with a licensed therapist.
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice.
Employment Practices
Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that we can deliver the very best products and services when our workforce reflects the diverse customers and communities we serve. We are committed to recruiting, retaining and developing the diverse talent of all of our employees and fostering an inclusive workplace, where we celebrate differences, promote belonging, and work together to deliver extraordinary results.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an
email
so we may assist you.

Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.
To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit
http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/
.
The position has the opportunity for up to 40% remote work from the Cullowhee, NC campus or full-time remote work if occupying a residence outside a 30-mile radius in North Carolina.

The Application Developer is responsible for designing, developing and maintaining a range of technical solutions (primarily .NET web applications) that originate with IT project requests. Solutions range from performing feasibility of a new feature to standing up 3rd party software to building custom solutions within adopted frameworks. Development duties mainly consist of creating and maintaining web applications and web services using object-oriented languages, leveraging object-relational mapping frameworks for database operations, and collaborating with other developers to develop and maintain internal frameworks. The developer participates in all aspects of the system development life cycle — analysis, design, implementation, testing and maintenance.

Telework requirements (for candidates choosing to telework):
Must be located within a eight hour driving distance of the WCU campus in Cullowhee, NC.
Periodic campus visits will be required.
Most meetings will be conducted via video conference when possible so conference capabilities must be available from remote work location.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math or Engineering or related technical degree from an appropriately accredited institution and two years of experience in application development; or a Bachelor’s degree with some computer coursework from an appropriately accredited institution and three years of experience in application development; or an Associate’s degree in computer programming and three years of experience in application development: or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

2 years of experience with .NET application development using MVC

Preferred Qualifications
Experience developing secure and stateful web applications using .NET Core, Blazor, SignalR and Microsoft Identity platform (Azure AD; OAuth; OpenID Connect).
Experience interacting and building data structures within a variety of DBMS (SQL Server; Oracle; Azure SQL) using ORM frameworks such as Entity and Dapper.
Experience developing secure RESTful web services and applications using Microsoft’s MVC and Web API patterns.
Experience deploying and managing applications and complementary developer resources within Azure (e.g. Azure DevOps, App Services, Key Vault, etc.)

3-5 years of experience with .NET application development

Position Type
Permanent Full-Time

Number of Hours Per Week
40

Number of Months Per Year
12

Posting Text
Open Date
08/16/2023

Close Date

Open Until Filled
Yes

Special Instructions to Applicants
To be considered, you must apply online. Please include a cover letter, resume, and a list of professional references to complete the application process.

For questions or additional information, please contact Jed Tate at jtate@email.wcu.edu or 828-227-2431.

Background/E-Verify
Final candidates are subject to criminal & sex offender background checks. Some vacancies also require credit or motor vehicle checks.

Western Carolina University uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify. Proper documentation of identity and employability are required at the time of employment.

Credential Verification
All new employees are required to have listed credentials/degrees verified within 30 days of employment. All new employees who will be teaching are required to provide official transcripts within 30 days of employment. Transcripts should be provided for the highest earned degree and/or the degree which is being used to satisfy credential/qualification requirements.

AA/EOE
Western Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; color; religion; sex; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; national origin; age; disability; genetic information; political affiliation; National Guard or veteran status, consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations, and policies, and the policies of The University of North Carolina. Additionally, the University promotes the realization of equal employment opportunity for minorities, women, persons with disabilities, and veterans through its affirmative action program.
Persons with disabilities requiring accommodations in the application and interview process please call (828) 227-7218 or email at jobs@email.wcu.edu.

University Safety
The Western Carolina University Annual Safety Report is available online at University Annual Safety Report or in hard-copy by request at the office of the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs, 227 HFR Administration Building, Cullowhee, NC 28723 (828-227-7147) or the Office of University Police, 111 Camp Annex, Cullowhee, NC 28723 (828-227-7301). The report, required of all universities participating in Title IV student financial aid programs, discusses crime statistics, procedures for reporting suspicious or criminal activity, security, police authority, crime prevention strategies, university policies on substance abuse and sexual offenses, workplace violence and fire safety.
Searching for Experienced Mobile & Web Developer Jobs?

Swip Systems is looking for experienced software & web developers in the St. Louis area to create technology solutions for web and mobile application development. Ideal web developers are capable of using a variety of web development languages to build custom projects for clients.
We use many development tools and technologies, including Angular, C#, Node.js, VB.Net, Java, Objective C, PHP, Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL, to name a few. We are looking for web developers in St. Louis with experience using most, or all of these development platforms. Applicants must also be in the St. Louis metro area as this job is with a software development firm in St. Louis.
Your primary role on our team would be to assist with customized development for client projects, while also augmenting the skill set of our organization. We are looking for experienced candidates who can add their relevant expertise to our development team.
Work Culture for Software Developers
Here at Swip Systems, we pride ourselves on open communication and mutual respect. Our Web Developers work in a casual environment with a lot of autonomy.
Swip System is made up of a bunch of software geeks, web developers and engineers that turned our passion into a thriving business. Web developers can expect a creative environment, with an emphasis on attention to detail & effectiveness.
We are a values-driven organization that exists to help other people through web development in the St. Louis area.
St. Louis Mobile & Web Developer Job Description
The ideal person is someone driven to perform their job with the highest level of quality possible. They understand clients’ businesses depend on the success of the web development projects. As such, they constantly seek ways to improve their knowledge and skill set.
We are seeking local web developers with great customer service skills. People who know how to make others feel comfortable and a part of the team or conversation. They have a “can do” attitude and can push projects through to completion. Ideal applicants are fast learners that handle today’s technology as if they have been using it for years. They must also be creative and have a great attention to detail.
Optimal candidates are searching for web developer jobs in the St. Louis area.
Ideal Qualities for Software Developers
If you are the right person for this job, you…
Write code of the highest quality
Have significant attention to detail
Understand and lay out complex systems and the interrelations within those systems
Thoroughly complete given development initiatives all the way through
Put yourself into the zone and focus to get code knocked out
Be the “Steady Eddie” and work consistently to achieve a set of goals
Take a small set of instructions, understand them and flesh them out into a full set of requirements
Communicate effectively with the client to extract concepts and requirements
Be comfortable with ego-less programming and not be afraid to ask for help
Work effectively alone or with a team
Not be over-competitive with team members
Have the willingness to learn and implement new technologies
Strive to work with the team to solve problems and reach goals
Know when to ask the right questions and not “spin your wheels” to find a solution to a problem
Be autonomous and have a “can do” attitude
Knock down all the balls, when too many balls are up in the air
Move between different coding languages easily
Handle multiple projects at one time
Be incredibly reliable, and do the things you say you will do
Be flexible and roll with the punches
Think fast on your feet and quickly adapt to the situation
Can’t stand loose ends or leaving a job undone
Prioritize what needs to get done first
Take constructive criticism well to facilitate improvement as a team
Are comfortable in the Office 365 and Google suite of tools
Web developer jobs work directly with the owners, executive staff and the development team. As such, most hours will be between 8 am and 5:30 pm, but you must have some accessibility after hours, with notice, when needed.
If our Web Developer job resonates with you, please email your cover letter & resume to resumes@swipsystems.com.
We look forward to meeting you and seeing what we can accomplish together here in the St. Louis area & beyond!
The Job



SALARY AND BENEFITS
This position offers an exceptional benefits package
and a competitive base salary up to $118,643.20* Annually

San Bernardino County is looking for motivated Senior Software Developers* to design and develop advanced enterprise systems using the latest technology available. Senior Software Developers provide production support and are experts in system analysis, automated systems design, database design, and applications programming. A Senior Software Developer is the primary resource for evaluating and applying new technological developments to assigned projects. This senior role will be assigned the most complex projects. Senior Software Developers will lead and direct the work of other support roles, as necessary, to drive productivity and project completion.

Current vacancy exists within the Innovation and Technology Department (ITD). The eligible list created from this recruitment may be used to fill other vacancies throughout the County as they occur.

Official title is Programmer Analyst III. For more detailed information, refer to the Programmer Analyst III job description.

Human Resources is also accepting applications for Software Developer II . A separate application is required for each recruitment. It is to your advantage to apply for ALL levels as appropriate.

EXCELLENT BENEFITS PACKAGE!

Some departments offer a 9/80 schedule, where incumbents enjoy a nine-day biweekly schedule.
Depending on assignment, teleworking may be available!

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT
Pre-Employment Process: Applicants must successfully pass a background check and a job-related physical exam, including a drug test, prior to employment .
Availability: Incumbents may occasionally work evening and weekend hours. Some overtime, on-call, or call back work may be required.
Minimum Requirements
Required Experience: Four (4) years of full-time equivalent work experience in a production environment, within the past five (5) years, performing systems analysis, planning, and development for business applications projects. Must include one (1) year working as a project leader for large-scale projects and the use of a systems development methodology.
Qualifying experience must include use of ALL of the following:
.Net/.Net Core
C#/ASP.net
SQL Server
Full-stack web development (React.JS, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript ES6)

-AND-

Required Education: Thirty (30) semester (45 quarter) units of completed college level courses in programming, computer science, software engineering, or related field. A list of coursework must be submitted with the application if a Bachelor's degree has not been conferred.

Substitution: One (1) additional year of qualifying work experience may substitute for the education requirement.
Desired Qualifications
The ideal candidate will possess the following:
Strong understanding of all aspects of enterprise software development; integrated Windows, Web, API, database, and reporting skills.
Experience with React.JS and extensive experience performing full-stack web development (React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript ES6).
Experience developing modular user interfaces, and familiarity with modern CSS frameworks, tools, and workflow.
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Software Engineering.
Experience in Azure Cloud Development; Microservices, Data Factory, DevOps CI/CD Pipelines.
Experience in Cloud Migration or Modernization projects.
Experience in SharePoint Development.
Selection Process
Application Procedure: To be considered for this excellent opportunity, complete and submit the online employment application and supplemental questionnaire as soon as possible. Applications will be accepted until a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received. This recruitment may close at any time without prior notice.
There will be a competitive evaluation of qualified candidates, based on the review of application material and supplemental questionnaire answers. It is to your advantage to be complete and thorough in your application and questionnaire responses, as resumes will not be reviewed as part of the competitive evaluation process.
All communications regarding the remainder of the selection process will be via email . Please be sure the email provided on this application is always current; it is your responsibility to update your personal information. Update your Spam, Junk, Bulk, and Firewall settings as needed to ensure that you receive all information pertaining to this recruitment.

To ensure timely and successful submission of your online application, please allow ample time to complete and submit your application before the posted filing deadline. Applicants will be automatically logged-out if they have not submitted the application and all required materials prior to the posted deadline. Once your application has been successfully submitted you will receive an onscreen confirmation and an email. We recommend that you save and/or print these for your records. Please note, if you do not receive an onscreen confirmation and an email acknowledging our receipt of your application we have not received your application.

EEO/ADA: San Bernardino County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) compliant employer, committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants.

ADA Accommodation: If you have a disability and require accommodations in the testing process, submit the Special Testing Accommodations Request Form within one week of a recruitment filing deadline.

Veterans’ Preference: Eligible veterans and their spouse or widow(er) who are not current County employees may be awarded additional Veterans’ Preference points. Click here for information and instructions to request Veteran's Preference points.
Job ID
32774
Location
County Administrator
Full/Part Time
Full-Time
Regular/Temporary
Regular
Overview
We are currently seeking well qualified individuals to fill the role of Multimedia/Special Projects Coordinator, with a focus on web design, within the Office of Communications. This position performs technical work involving the production, coordination, dissemination, editing and/or updating content on Orange County Government’s websites. This may include overall navigation flow, layout of specific pages, and creation of visual elements within the County’s web pages.
Work is performed with considerable independence under supervision of the Manager. Performance is reviewed through completed assignments, reports and project results achieved.
Representative Duties
Analyzes, develops, and designs the County’s website.
Edits and updates web content.
Proficient with HTML and CSS.
Manages web layouts and templates to ensure maximum usability.
Prepares and disseminates regular news releases, press releases, and web content following AP Style guidelines and ensuring adherence to compliance standards. (ADA for websites, WCAG 2.0 & 2.1)
Uses web content management system (WordPress and DotNetNuke) to edit and create pages and assist partner departments.
Works closely with external website provider and County Information Systems Services Division.
Facilitates content distribution through multiple platforms including the Constant Contact email marketing software, as well as manages email distribution lists.
Monitors web statistics and analytics.
Serves as the website lead for the Emergency Support Function (ESF) 14, Communications Emergency Activation Team. Stays current on all ESF requirements and FEMA training.
May train and supervise technical work of others engaged in dissemination of information through various communication platforms.
Performs other related duties as assigned.
May need to work nights, weekends, and holidays.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Communications, Journalism or Web / Graphic Design with major coursework in Media, Marketing, Public Relations or closely related field and three years of experience in applying advanced skills in HTML, website design, WordPress, commercial or graphic arts.
Or
Requires an Associate degree from an accredited college or university and five (5) years experience in producing, directing and all technical aspects of video production or closely related experience or any equivalent combination of relevant experience and training.
May be required to possess and maintain a valid Florida Driver's License.
Must possess and maintain a valid Florida class "D" Driver's License or have the ability to obtain within six months of hire/promotion.
Preferences
Bilingual in English & Spanish
Knowledge of AP Style and WCAG 2.0 & 2.1
Government or newsroom experience
Experience with Adobe software including Photoshop
Experience with Content Management Systems (DotNetNuke and WordPress)
Knowledge or experience with JavaScript and PHP
Notes
All interested applicants must apply online and complete a Full Orange County Government employment application. Any incomplete applications or applications with the term “See Resume” will not be considered.
All applicants selected for hire with Orange County Government must successfully complete a Criminal and Background check.
Orange County Employment and Benefits Information:
http://www.ocfl.net/careers/#incentives
Application Deadline
Posting Date: 12/20/2023
Closing Date: 1/12/2024 (Posting is subject to close without notice)

Salary
$50,793.60 - $66,040.00 Annually
Address
County Administration
201 South Rosalind Avenue
Orlando, FL 32801
Veterans Preference
If you are claiming Veterans' Preference, you are responsible for providing the required eligibility documentation by the close date of the posting. Please submit a cover letter and copies of documents, not originals, to Orange County Human Resources Division, PO Box 1393, Orlando, FL 32801-1393 or fax to (407) 836-0098 (only Veterans' Preference documentation will be accepted by fax). Your cover letter should include the position posting number you are applying for, the title of the position and the last 4 digits of your social security number.
Educational Requirements
If your education was obtained in the United States, the County recognizes degrees or diplomas which are accredited by an agency recognized by the United States Department of Education (USDE) or the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA). If you have obtained education from a country other than the United States, your degree or diploma must be evaluated to determine the United States equivalency by a member of the National Association of Credential Evaluation Service (NACES) or the Association of International Credentials Evaluations (AICE) at your expense. #LI-OC1 #INDHP
Responsibilities
Provide operational (break-fix) support to existing reporting, ETL and data warehouse applications. Document and maintain support procedures. Monitor performance of all environments. Test applications in development and production. Configure application environments in accordance with requirements. Implement basic enhancements to currently deployed applications. Participate as a member of an on-call operational support team, providing 24/7 support when on-call. Develop prototypes and/or functional/technical specifications to meet business needs. Code and test software in accordance with department, system, and industry accepted standards. Develop test plans and scripts for unit and integration testing. Interpret business requirements and partner with subject matter experts (SME) to identify business objectives that will be supported in order to scale with business operations. Data research and documentation including system flow, and data profiling as part of ETL development within enterprise data warehouse (EDW) to support self-service business intelligence. Translate client end/user requirements into highly specified project briefs. Carry the business requirements forward through conceptual solution and design implementation. Work with business analysts on a daily basis to deliver optimal business solutions.
REQUIREMENTS
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, or related/equivalent plus 2 years of experience as a Programmer Analyst, Software Developer or related.
TO APPLY
Email resumes to hr@ssatechinc.com.
Eminent Software Services LLC in East Windsor, CT is seeking experienced Sr. Software Developers to assist Project Managers with design, development, analysis, and testing of software applications. Individuals will apply advanced theoretical knowledge of information technology principles and concepts, as well as experience with SDLC, OLAP and Integration Frameworks, to perform the duties of the position.
Job responsibilities and duties include:
Assist Project Manager in analyzing, designing, coding, and unit testing of applications using OLAP, .Net and Bigdata based technologies.
Participate in all phases of software development life cycle and work on continuous integrations.
Design and develop integration applications from end to end.
Assist test teams to identify and correct defects in applications.
Write SQL programs and queries to run customized reports and analyze corresponding data.
Act as a technical lead to mentor junior level software developers.
May perform other duties normally associated with the occupation.


This position does not directly supervise or manage any other employees.
REQUIREMENTS:: Master's Degree in Computer Science or any STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math) field of study, plus at least three (3) years of experience in the job offered or in any related position(s).
In lieu of the above stated primary academic and experience requirements, employer will accept a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or any STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math) field of study, plus at least five (5) years of post-degree, progressively responsible experience in any related position(s).
Qualified applicants must also have demonstrable proficiency, knowledge, skill, and experience with the following:
1. SOA
2. Shell Scripting
3. Quality Center
4. One or more of the following BI reporting tools: Microstrategy, SSRS, Tableau or Hadoop
5. One or more of the following ETL Tools: Informatica or SSIS; and
6. One or more of the following database management system software: Teradata, Oracle, SQL server or DB2.


No travel; no telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated client sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.


Additional Information:
Job Site: 14A Pasco Drive, East Windsor, CT, 06088
No travel; no telecommuting. Job duties are project-based and performed on long-term assignments at various unanticipated client sites within the U.S. which may require relocation at the end of each project.
Mail Resumes To: Eminent Software Services LLC, Attn: HR, 14A Pasco Drive, East Windsor, CT, 06088
No calls or emails. EOE.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Job Classification:
Technology - Engineering & Cloud
Are you interested in building capabilities that enable the organization with innovation, speed, agility, scalability and efficiency? The Global Technology team takes great pride in our culture where digital transformation is built into our DNA! When you join our organization at Prudential, you’ll unlock an exciting and impactful career – all while growing your skills and advancing your profession at one of the world’s leading financial services institutions.
Your Team & Role
As a Senior Software Engineer on the Digital Technologies Team , you will partner with product owners, tech leads, designers, engineers and delivery professionals to improve the digital front door of Prudential, Prudential.com. You will code, test and debug new and existing applications as you implement capabilities to solve sophisticated business problems, deploy innovative products, services and experiences to delight our customers! In addition to applied experience , you will bring excellent problem solving, communication and teamwork skills, along with agile ways of working, strong business insight, an inclusive leadership attitude and a continuous learning focus to all that you do.
The current work arrangement for this position is Hybrid (Newark, NJ) and requires your on-site presence on a reoccurring weekly basis as determined by your business. Your manager will provide additional details relative to the specific number of days you are expected to be on-site.
Here is What You Can Expect on a Typical Day
Build applications ensuring that the code follows latest coding practices and industry standards, using modern design patterns and architectural principles; actively code against the roadmap
Develop high quality, well documented and efficient code adhering to all applicable Prudential standards
Collaborate with product owners in understanding needs and defining feature stories, tech leads in defining technical design and other team members to understand the system end-to-end and deliver robust solutions that bring about business impact
Write unit, integration tests and functional automation, researching problems discovered by quality assurance or product support, developing solutions to address the problems
Bring an applied understanding of relevant and emerging technologies , begin to identify opportunities to provide input to the team and coach others , and embed learning and innovation in the day-to-day
Work on complex problems in which analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors
Use programming languages including but not limited to JavaScript and React, Springboot, Node.js frameworks.
The Skills & Expertise You Bring
Bachelor of Computer Science or Engineering or experience in related fields
Leverage diverse ideas, experiences, thoughts and perspectives to the benefit of the organization
Experience with agile development methodologies and Test-Driven Development (TDD)
Knowledge of business concepts tools and processes that are needed for making sound decisions in the context of the company's business
Ability to learn new skills and knowledge on an on-going basis through self-initiative and tackling challenges
Excellent problem solving, communication and collaboration skills
Applied experience with several of the following :
Programming Languages: Python, Java or Java Script; working in distributed systems, object oriented programming, design patterns and design methodology; JAVA services using Spring CLI, Maven, Microservice, multi-threading, Concurrency and parallel processing
Frameworks: React, Springboot, Node.js, such as Full / MEAN / MERN stack
Data Store: NoSQL or Relational Data structures; MongoDB BPM tools
Data Streaming: SQS, Kinesis
Application Programming Interfaces (API): Consumption & Development; implementing service oriented architecture (SOA) patterns; Web service technologies such as APIs, REST, JSON, SOAP, XML, JDBC, MySQL
Unit, interface and end user testing concepts and tooling (functional & non-functional)
Automated testing
Accessibility awareness
Software security skills including secure coding, web application security and DevSecOps; Solid grasp of security concepts (authentication, authorization, encryption, digital signature, JWT), SSL, web service proxies, firewall, SAML 2.0, OpenID Connect, OAuth 2.0)
Dev Ops Tools & Practices: Branching techniques and usage of GitHub, Bitbucket or Subversion; DevOps, Jenkins
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC): Monitoring and logging techniques
AWS Core Services: AWS Services such as CloudWatch, Code-Deploy
Preferred qualifications:
AWS Development
Architecture Patterns
Design Thinking
Financial/Insurance industry knowledge is a plus, not a must
You’ll Love Working Here Because You Can
Join a team and culture where your voice matters; where every day, your work transforms our experiences to make lives better. As you put your skills to use, we’ll help you make an even bigger
What we offer you:
Market competitive base salaries, with a yearly bonus potential at every level
Medical, dental, vision, life insurance, disability insurance, Paid Time Off (PTO), and leave of absences, such as parental and military leave
Retirement plans:
401(k) plan with company match (up to 4%)
Company-funded pension plan
Wellness Programs to help you achieve your wellbeing goals, including up to $1,600 a year for reimbursement of items purchased to support personal wellbeing needs
Work/Life Resources to help support topics such as parenting, housing, senior care, finances, pets, legal matters, education, emotional and mental health, and career development.
Tuition Assistance to help finance traditional college enrollment toward obtaining an approved degree, many accredited certificate programs, and industry designations.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Shares can be purchased at 85% of the lower of two prices (Beginning or End of the purchase period), after one year of service.
To find out more about our Total Reward package, visit Work Life Balance | Prudential Careers. Some of the above benefits may not apply to part-time employees scheduled to work less than 20 hours per week.
#LI-LR1 #LI-Hybrid
Note: Prudential is required by state specific laws to include the salary range for this role when hiring a resident in applicable locations. The salary range for this role is from $100,600.00 to $149,800.00. Specific pricing for the role may vary within the above range based on many factors including geographic location, candidate experience, and skills. Roles may also be eligible for additional compensation and/or benefits. Eligibility to participate in a discretionary annual incentive program is subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors including, without limitation, individual and organizational performance. In addition, employees are eligible for standard benefits package including paid time off, medical, dental and retirement.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services.
We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand.
Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status , medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.
The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates.
Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential.
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES:
If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, which may include an assessment, please email accommodations.hw@prudential.com .
Please note that the above email is solely for individuals with disabilities requesting an accommodation. If you are experiencing a technical issue with your application or an assessment, please email careers.technicalsupport@prudential.com to request assistance.
Responsibilities:
Perform O&M functions needed to sustain or restore hardware, software and network services.
Establish and maintain preventive maintenance schedules.
Serve as the focal point for the satisfaction of user requirements and track completion through the automated tracking system.
Manage network email services
Create user accounts
Perform system hardware and software diagnostics and test components within the network environment
Provide specialized and emergency support for various events to assist with communication and computer maintenance
Draft, coordinate and implement configuration management and security policies and procedures. This includes IBM-compatible PC and UNIX based servers, workstation and laptop operating systems and applications.
Prepare procurement packages for replacement, repair, and/or upgrade of hardware and software IAW Procurement Office guidelines.
The System Administrator team supports Network Team activities to ensure there is a robust environment to support software developers engaged in agile software development on network enclaves at various classification levels.
The Systems Administrators will be responsible for a variety of activities that include:
o Auditing
o Configuration management
o Customer support
o Data storage and backups
o event logs
o firewall management
o hardware recap/upgrade/installs
o OS baseline imaging
o information assurance
o JDC Theater management
o Office moves
o Printer maintenance and support
o Equipment Procurement
o Security coordination
o Server builds and maintenance
o Switch maintenance
o Transition of non-development workstations to the NRO enterprise (COMM)
Virtualization

Qualifications:
Education and/or Experience:
o 5 years of system administration experience or related technical IT experience
o Experience with MS Exchange and Active Directory
o Experience with Microsoft Operating Systems; Windows 2003/2008 Workstation, Windows Server 2003/2008, Windows XP Professional and Windows 7 Professional
o Experience with WSUS patching and server maintenance
o Experience with KBOX monitoring, configuration and scripting
o Experience supporting a dynamic application development environment
o Systems Analysis experience
o System vulnerability patching experience
o Software installation and configuration experience
o User configuration and setup experience
o MUST HAVE TS/SCI clearance

Geographic Location: Chantilly, Virginia
Travel: Minimal
TENICA and Associates LLC is a provider of government services and consulting solutions in the areas of national defense, homeland and cyber security. TENICA provides knowledgeable and experienced subject matter experts to perform a variety of professional services, logistics and supply chain management, crisis prevention and response, and information technology solutions to solve dynamic security challenges. Founded in 2008 and based in Alexandria, Virginia, TENICA is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, Small Business (SDVOB and WOSB) and is a participant in the Small Business Administration’s 8(a) business development program. www.TENICA-GS.com.
TENICA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
Location – Irvine, CA
Job Type: Full-time

Job Description
Job Responsibilities
Carry out development for requirements of the project in .NET
Complete the tasks defined in the project on time with Quality
Carry out unit testing of the developed code
Carry out source code deployment to QA
Ability to work within and manage a source control environment

Required Skills
The successful candidate will possess the following skills and years of experience:
Good communication skills
Knowledge of development tools and frameworks.
3 – 5 years’ experience with the .NET Framework (version 3.5 or higher)
Solid understanding of ASP.NET MVC, Web API, ADO.NET (Entity Framework)
3+ years’ experience developing web-based applications in .NET Framework
3+ years’ experience developing and implementing SQL scripts, and stored procedures in SQL Server
1+ year experience working in a source-controlled environment, such as Git or TFS
Ability to do coding using the defined standards or industry best practices

Desirable Skills
3+ years’ experience with C#
1-3 years’ experience with client-side frameworks like Bootstrap or Angular (5 and above)
Having an understanding of Microservices
Knowledge in 12-factor application architecture
Knowledge of various Design Patterns
Understanding of Agile software development principles along with experience participating in agile projects

We offer an attractive compensation and benefits package that includes: competitive salary, medical/dental, bonus incentive plan, 401(k). The long-term success of this individual will only be limited by his/her performance.

Supervises Employees?- NO
Travel?- No.
Work Site Location- 201 E. Sandpoint Ave #305, Santa Ana, California 92707

To Apply, Please Email: Info@rencata.com
TEAM Clinics works with local schools to provide immediate access to high quality on-site medical care to children using cutting edge technology to expedite diagnosis and treatment. We are hiring mid/senior level developers to join our team and take part in bringing our telehealth platform to the next level.
We provide outstanding services to our customers while offering a positive, beneficial, and enjoyable working environment for all company team members. TEAM Clinics offers competitive pay and depending on position provides outstanding group health benefits, paid holidays, and paid time off.
TEAM Clinics believes in creating a culture and career path where employees are encouraged to succeed and grow into their personal and professional potential. The company participates in Character Core by Strata Leadership which allows engagement with different qualities and leadership traits that benefit our clients, our fellow team members, and our community. In addition, the company, follows the Great Game of Business guidelines which is a transformational approach to how we operate our business. All team members are educated in our offerings and rules of business, work together toward common goals, and have opportunities to win and function as a team.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop and improve custom ASP.NET core platform tracking registration, appointments, and notifications. Scalable performance is a must.
Build API integrations and workflows with partner EMR solutions to create seamless solutions for our nurses, providers, and parents
Develop API integrations with schools utilizing existing industry systems for rostering, SSO, and student information
Design, build, and implement full-stack solutions that are both functional and performant
Must have the ability to work as part of a team, be self-motivated, and build complete solutions.
Provide technical expertise to resolve service impacting incidents and problems.
Qualifications and Requirements:
At least 3-5 years of technology and development experience.
Proven past experience of the ASP.NET stack, design patterns/best practices, and software lifecycle methodology
Key Technologies: C#, ASP.NET/Core, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS, MSSQL, MVC, SSDT, Web API, Dapper, Vue.js, Git, Azure, and Jira
Strong SQL skills, understanding of stored procedures, indexes, and workflow
Ability to translate loose requirements into a functional, well-designed product
Strong critical thinking and communication skills
An ability to deliver complete, well-thought solutions
A passion for solving problems and serving customers
Hungry, humble, and smart
Full-time and contract available, depending on fit. Email resume to careers@teamclinics.com.
Title Software Engineering Instructor
Department SEO Tech Developer
Reports to: Associate Director, Tech Developer
Compensation: $2,000-2,500 Weekly
FLSA: Non-exempt
Dates: June 10, 2024 - August 2, 2024

LOCATION/HOURS
This is a part-time, remote position. It is expected that position duties will be performed remotely. Access to our office location and event attendance is optional, with the understanding that SEO will consult government and public health advisories to help us determine the extent to which it is safe to carry out in-person and onsite activities.

ABOUT SEO

We Propel Human Potential. SEO is an educational non-profit focused on improving outcomes for students that come from underserved and historically underrepresented backgrounds. For over 50 years, SEO has been an innovator in education, mentorship, and creating educational programs and opportunities that maximize the full potential of our students. We are on a mission to create an ecosystem of excellence for the students we serve!

ABOUT TECH DEVELOPER

The SEO Tech Developer is an intensive immersion pilot initiative for ~100 Black, Latinx and Native American rising college juniors majoring in computer science or computer engineering. Launched with the guidance of tech industry leaders, this program will help close the preparation gap for students of color through knowledge, training and experience. The SEO Tech Developer will also speed the development of the technical and soft skills required for entry-level tech roles at leading tech companies and startups — with an emphasis on the application of programming tools in addressing real world problems. The program, now entering its third year, has a proven track record of success: 87% of students in the Year 1 cohort landed and completed summer 2022 internships at top companies including Google, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon and Oracle.

POSITION OVERVIEW & RESPONSIBILITIES

We are looking for a Software Engineering Instructor to lead the teaching of the SEO Tech Developer program. This role will interface directly with our technical education team to implement the curriculum provided in our interactive learning platform, ensuring students are prepared to launch successful careers in the tech industry. The Software Engineering Instructor will be responsible for managing the program’s Lead Teaching Assistant. They will also collaborate with other program stakeholders to continuously assess and address program effectiveness.

We are looking for an individual who will bring enthusiasm for learning and the ability to motivate and cultivate underrepresented individuals to grow their software engineering skills.

QUALIFICATIONS

Teaching experiences (e.g., facilitating meetings, delivering training, mentorship)
Proficiency in our tech stack (see below)
A track record of developing and maintaining strong working relationships with and among a diverse group of distributed stakeholders
Excellent communication and leadership skills
Ability to work both autonomously and collaboratively to implement and deliver program’s curriculum
Deep understanding and commitment to carrying out SEO’s mission of creating a more equitable society

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS

Experience as a software developer or similar industry role
Experience leading or working collaboratively with an instructional team
Demonstrable project management experience

TECH STACK

Required:
Strong Python skills
Comfort working with various APIs and libraries

Preferred:
Basic command line/bash
Basic version control (Git/Github)
Basic familiarity of web technologies (JS/HTML/CSS)
Basic understanding of the social impacts of technology

TIME COMMITMENT & SALARY

8 weeks during summer months (June – August)
25 hours per week of preparation time, instruction, and office hours
$2,000-$2,500/weekly depending on experience

COMPENSATION & BENEFITS

The compensation listed in this posting reflects what SEO believes it will pay for this position at the time of this posting. Consistent with applicable law, compensation will be determined based on the skills, qualifications, and experience of the applicant along with the requirements of the position, and SEO reserves the right to modify this pay range at any time.

EEOC Policy

At SEO we are committed to cultivating a team that embodies the backgrounds and experiences of the constituencies we serve and the communities we live in, and a workplace that reflects the impact we make in the world. Candidates from historically excluded and underrepresented communities – including people of color, women, members of the LGBTQIA+ Community, veterans, and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply.

Equal Employment Opportunity is not just the law, it is our commitment.

Sponsors for Educational Opportunity is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – M/F/D/V. We will consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information or characteristics, or any other legally protected status.

If you need accommodation while applying for a role with SEO, due to a disability, please email SEO Talent.

THE ORGANIZATION

Established in 1963 by Michael Osheowitz, SEO (Sponsors for Educational Opportunity), is an educational non-profit focused on improving outcomes for students from underserved and historically underrepresented backgrounds. For over 50 years, SEO has been an innovator in education, mentorship, and creating educational programs and opportunities that maximize the full potential of our students. Each year SEO serves 6,000+ participants nationally and the organization is widely recognized for developing best-in-class programs with exceptional results.

Not every SEO participant is on the same journey, but all are hungry for opportunity. SEO creates an ecosystem of excellence: empowering individuals to move from high school through college, from underserved communities to middle class (SEO Scholars), from underrepresented interns to prestigious careers (SEO Career and SEO Law), from successful professionals to positions of economic influence (SEO Alternative Investments). We propel human potential.

SEO Scholars is a free, eight-year, academic program that gets low-income public high school students to and through college – with a 90% college graduation 100% of SEO Scholars are accepted to four-year colleges, with 85% being first-generation college graduates. More than 75% of current SEO Scholars are attending a top 100 college based on the US News and World Report rankings.
SEO Career is the nation’s premier professional development program, providing Black, Hispanic, and Native American undergrads with everything they need to land an internship: industry exposure, career guidance, interview skills, and intensive Approximately 80% of SEO Career interns receive full-time job offers from SEO Career partners before they graduate college. SEO Interns earn an average of $10,000 per summer. SEO Career partners with 150+ corporations and organizations offering summer internships.
SEO Alternative Investments provides education, exposure, training, and mentoring opportunities for talented professionals traditionally underrepresented in the Alternative Investments SEO Alternative Investments Programming includes a Fellowship Program and an annual conference. The Fellows program has over 200 partner firms and 90% of Fellows secure roles in the Alternative Investments industry.
SEO Law is the only program of its kind, offering talented, incoming, underrepresented law school students the opportunity to secure a paid internship at a top law firm the summer before law The SEO Law Fellowship program has an impressive network of more than 1,600+ SEO Law alumni, who have gone on to work as Chief Legal Officers, U.S. District Attorneys, Deputy/Assistant Attorneys General, U.S. District Court Judges, and U.S. Cabinet/Congress Members. SEO Law partners with more than 41 law firms in 12 cities across the U.S.
SEO Leadership Institute provides ongoing development to alumni, customized for each stage of their career. There are three distinct parts to the Institute: making connections, professional and personal development, and civic engagement. SEO has an alumni network of nearly 20,000 professionals, representing 46 U.S. states and 48 countries, SEO’s Leadership Institute supports their ongoing professional and civic engagement via panel discussions, networking events, virtual resources, and volunteer opportunities. Alumni leadership has led SEO expansion to San Francisco and the creation of SEO’s international affiliates: SEO London, SEO China, SEO Vietnam, and SEO Africa.
MercuryGate provides powerful transportation management solutions proven to be a competitive advantage for today’s most successful shippers, 3PLs, brokers and carriers. The comprehensive Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) product suite natively supports all transportation modes and segments, generating value for its users through improved cost, productivity and efficiency using artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML) and connected technologies to adapt and automate transportation management functions.
As a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET), you will work closely with technology stakeholders to identify, design, develop, architect, and implement a testing platform. This role operates as a technical hands-on facilitator in the Quality Assurance (QA) organization and is a strategic participant across inter-dependent software development efforts. You are developer at heart who has experience leveraging best-of-breed tools and frameworks to deliver automated test suites.
This is a remote position. This opportunity can be based anywhere within the United States. Work Authorization: Must be able to work in the United States without any sponsorship required (currently or in the future).
Who you are:
You thrive on delivering impact rather than output
You are skilled at creating maintainable tests that document the system under test
You can work effectively with legacy code
You are a good developer with great habits
You understand the benefit of code and process quality, and seek continuous improvement
What you’ll have an opportunity to do:
Be a leader in a company-wide developer community, co-creating and influencing our culture and practices, enabling us to scale the architecture, product and the teams in a safe and meaningful manner
Help us evolve our process to be even more quality focused, moving from Quality Control to Quality Assurance, from defect detection to prevention
Encourage, coach, train testers and developers in modern automation practices
Provide hands-on technical leadership and strategic direction for our testing practices across the development organization
Directly influence a testable architecture
Design the creation and adoption of a reliable testing framework for our core product, that enables the teams to add maintainable tests as part of the normal development process
Set up performance and load testing harnesses to measure and evaluate the system, resolving performance issues with the team
Design and implement test data and configuration management
Evaluate, select, and implement tooling to support automation frameworks
Become an active developer in the product delivery organization; you will lead by doing
Required Experience:
Professional experience as a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) with strong, object-oriented design and coding skills
Proficient at contributing to the architecture, design and building of automation frameworks and/or tools with at least one modern language such as Java, C# or Python
Adept in testing Rest APIs with a strong understanding of RESTful web services
Nice to Have:
Experience influencing development and QA best practices, methodologies, and processes within your team
Excellent communication and collaboration skills to work with multiple teams across the organization
Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations
Experience in working directly with product development teams on CI/CD workflows and tools: Jenkins, Docker, GitLab
Experience with SQL and working knowledge of relational database technologies
Ability to operate at architecture and code level in order to identify and address testability issues
Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions
Ability to work in an agile-like development environment
At MercuryGate, we not only value what you do for the organization, we also value your happiness, health, and time!
Flexible Time Off (take what you need, when you need it), additional paid time off for Bereavement, Jury Duty, Community Service and 8 paid Holidays
401(k) company match up to 4%
Dental, Vision, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability
Medical, Dental, & Vision Plans with coverage beginning the first day of employment
Health Savings Account
Life & Disability
Accident / Illness / Hospital Plans
ID Theft Protection
Wellness / EAP
Pet Insurance
We intend to fill this position as quickly as possible. Date posted: December 5th, 2023. Application Deadline: December 22nd, 2023
Compensation: $90,000 - $110,000 per year, plus a bonus calculated as a percentage of base salary. This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Individual pay is based on skills, experience and other relevant factors.
MercuryGate does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or agencies. Any resume submitted to any employee of MercuryGate without a prior written search agreement will be considered unsolicited and the property of MercuryGate. Please, no phone calls or emails.
We encourage you to apply even if your experience is not a 100% match with the position. We are looking for someone with relevant skills and experience, not a checklist that exactly matches the job description. We want to help you grow and in return, you help us grow into a stronger, more inclusive organization. MercuryGate is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at ApplicationAssistance@mercurygate.com
MercuryGate is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, religion, color, gender, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability or any other basis covered by law. Employment decisions are based solely on qualifications and business need. At MercuryGate, we are committed to upholding the highest standards of security and compliance with ISO27001 & SOC2 requirements. All employees are expected to contribute to our security-related training and activities, helping to ensure that our organization operates at the highest levels of security and effectiveness.
#LI-Remote

Looking for a digital superhero with commercial experience in full life cycle software development (analysis, design, implementation, testing). Our candidate will break the stereotype of being too nerdy to interact with clients to bolster confidence and deliver a great end product the Kinetik IT way. Our future developer likes working as a part of a team in a knowledge-sharing environment.
This is a multi-faceted job. If you enjoy mixing it-up, you will have the opportunity to work with a variety of clients/industries and more than one project at a time. The projects will vary in scope and complexity.
SKILLS / REQUIREMENTS:
»Min of 3 years of commercial experience om full-life cycle software development
»Min. of 2 years of commercial experience in developing Windows and Web applications with .NET (ASP.NET, VB.NET or C#)
»Writing solid scopes of work and estimating project tasks
»Consistently self-motivated to learn new and updated technology
NICE TO HAVE:
»Team Lead/Development Lead experience
»Consulting Experience
»Agile methodology
»Consulting experience
»Excellent communication and writing skills
IMPORTANT NOTES:
»Salary based on experience.
»Education: College Degree Preferred.
»Our current job openings require proof of U.S. Citizenship or a Green Card. At this time we cannot sponsor Visas.

Email us about this position
hrmail@kinetik-it.com or call 602-957-0058
Job Classification:
Technology - Engineering & Cloud
Are you interested in building capabilities that enable the organization with innovation, speed, agility, scalability and efficiency? The Global Technology team takes great pride in our culture where digital transformation is built into our DNA! When you join our organization at Prudential, you’ll unlock an exciting and impactful career – all while growing your skills and advancing your profession at one of the world’s leading financial services institutions.
Your Team & Role
As a Senior Software Engineer on the Digital Technologies Team , you will partner with product owners, tech leads, designers, engineers and delivery professionals to improve the digital front door of Prudential, Prudential.com. You will code, test and debug new and existing applications as you implement capabilities to solve sophisticated business problems, deploy innovative products, services and experiences to delight our customers! In addition to applied experience , you will bring excellent problem solving, communication and teamwork skills, along with agile ways of working, strong business insight, an inclusive leadership attitude and a continuous learning focus to all that you do.
The current work arrangement for this position is Hybrid (Newark, NJ) and requires your on-site presence on a reoccurring weekly basis as determined by your business. Your manager will provide additional details relative to the specific number of days you are expected to be on-site.
Here is What You Can Expect on a Typical Day
Build applications ensuring that the code follows latest coding practices and industry standards, using modern design patterns and architectural principles; actively code against the roadmap
Develop high quality, well documented and efficient code adhering to all applicable Prudential standards
Collaborate with product owners in understanding needs and defining feature stories, tech leads in defining technical design and other team members to understand the system end-to-end and deliver robust solutions that bring about business impact
Write unit, integration tests and functional automation, researching problems discovered by quality assurance or product support, developing solutions to address the problems
Bring an applied understanding of relevant and emerging technologies , begin to identify opportunities to provide input to the team and coach others , and embed learning and innovation in the day-to-day
Work on complex problems in which analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors
Use programming languages including but not limited to JavaScript and React, Springboot, Node.js frameworks.
The Skills & Expertise You Bring
Bachelor of Computer Science or Engineering or experience in related fields
Leverage diverse ideas, experiences, thoughts and perspectives to the benefit of the organization
Experience with agile development methodologies and Test-Driven Development (TDD)
Knowledge of business concepts tools and processes that are needed for making sound decisions in the context of the company's business
Ability to learn new skills and knowledge on an on-going basis through self-initiative and tackling challenges
Excellent problem solving, communication and collaboration skills
Applied experience with several of the following :
Programming Languages: Python, Java or Java Script; working in distributed systems, object oriented programming, design patterns and design methodology; JAVA services using Spring CLI, Maven, Microservice, multi-threading, Concurrency and parallel processing
Frameworks: React, Springboot, Node.js, such as Full / MEAN / MERN stack
Data Store: NoSQL or Relational Data structures; MongoDB BPM tools
Data Streaming: SQS, Kinesis
Application Programming Interfaces (API): Consumption & Development; implementing service oriented architecture (SOA) patterns; Web service technologies such as APIs, REST, JSON, SOAP, XML, JDBC, MySQL
Unit, interface and end user testing concepts and tooling (functional & non-functional)
Automated testing
Accessibility awareness
Software security skills including secure coding, web application security and DevSecOps; Solid grasp of security concepts (authentication, authorization, encryption, digital signature, JWT), SSL, web service proxies, firewall, SAML 2.0, OpenID Connect, OAuth 2.0)
Dev Ops Tools & Practices: Branching techniques and usage of GitHub, Bitbucket or Subversion; DevOps, Jenkins
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC): Monitoring and logging techniques
AWS Core Services: AWS Services such as CloudWatch, Code-Deploy
Preferred qualifications:
AWS Development
Architecture Patterns
Design Thinking
Financial/Insurance industry knowledge is a plus, not a must
You’ll Love Working Here Because You Can
Join a team and culture where your voice matters; where every day, your work transforms our experiences to make lives better. As you put your skills to use, we’ll help you make an even bigger
What we offer you:
Market competitive base salaries, with a yearly bonus potential at every level
Medical, dental, vision, life insurance, disability insurance, Paid Time Off (PTO), and leave of absences, such as parental and military leave
Retirement plans:
401(k) plan with company match (up to 4%)
Company-funded pension plan
Wellness Programs to help you achieve your wellbeing goals, including up to $1,600 a year for reimbursement of items purchased to support personal wellbeing needs
Work/Life Resources to help support topics such as parenting, housing, senior care, finances, pets, legal matters, education, emotional and mental health, and career development.
Tuition Assistance to help finance traditional college enrollment toward obtaining an approved degree, many accredited certificate programs, and industry designations.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Shares can be purchased at 85% of the lower of two prices (Beginning or End of the purchase period), after one year of service.
To find out more about our Total Reward package, visit Work Life Balance | Prudential Careers. Some of the above benefits may not apply to part-time employees scheduled to work less than 20 hours per week.
#LI-LR1 #LI-Hybrid
Note: Prudential is required by state specific laws to include the salary range for this role when hiring a resident in applicable locations. The salary range for this role is from $100,600.00 to $149,800.00. Specific pricing for the role may vary within the above range based on many factors including geographic location, candidate experience, and skills. Roles may also be eligible for additional compensation and/or benefits. Eligibility to participate in a discretionary annual incentive program is subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors including, without limitation, individual and organizational performance. In addition, employees are eligible for standard benefits package including paid time off, medical, dental and retirement.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services.
We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand.
Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status , medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.
The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates.
Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential.
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES:
If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, which may include an assessment, please email accommodations.hw@prudential.com .
Please note that the above email is solely for individuals with disabilities requesting an accommodation. If you are experiencing a technical issue with your application or an assessment, please email careers.technicalsupport@prudential.com to request assistance.
About Us:
Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, redefining clients' business, operating, and technology models for the digital era. Our outstanding industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build, and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com.
Cognizant Technology Solutions is looking for a Senior Software Developer to join our team of IT professionals in a permanent role. If you meet our background requirements and skills and are looking for an opportunity with these skills and expertise, here is the ideal opportunity
Roles & Responsibilities
Drives standard software solutions, design, development and technical fixing.
Sets the overall mentorship and expectations for team output, practices and collaboration.
Develops secure and high-quality production code, and reviews and debugs code written by others.
Participates in all phases of software creation process
Work efficiently and collaboratively in an Agile (Scrum or Kanban) team environment.
Responsible for design and delivery of high-quality features that aligns with standards.
Mentors others on coding standards and performs code reviews
Provides on call support and supervises the system and identifies system deficiencies.
Participate in Architecture and Engineering code and design reviews.
Create and complete automated test plans/strategies applying business requirements and collaborate with engineers/architects and clients to validate test environments, test data and test results.
Create a culture of diversity, equality, inclusion and respect for team members.
Required Skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in computer science or related area with 7-10 years developing and/or architecting large sophisticated systems.
Strong experience in Java and good knowledge on core java and advance java concepts
Hands-on experience in Microservices, RESTful Web Services development in Java (Spring Boot)
Hands-on experience in system design, application development, testing and operational stability.
Experience with front-end and backend frameworks: AngularJS/ReactJS and NodeJS
Proven experience with API concepts and technologies such as REST, JSON, XML, SOAP, YAML, and Swagger
Nice to have Technical Skills- MySQL JavaScript Angular JS SQL AWS
Benefits:
Cognizant offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements:
Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance
Paid holidays plus Paid Time Off
401(k) plan and contributions
Long-term/Short-term Disability
Paid Parental Leave
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Disclaimer:
The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Cognizant reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.
Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Travel : No
Job Posting : Dec 14 2023
About Cognizant
Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
Applicants may be required to attend interviews in person or by video conference. In addition, candidates may be required to present their current state or government issued ID during each interview.
Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information.
If you are interested in any of the positions listed below, please email your résumé and appropriate cover letter to: info@modeldriven.com or send your résumé to:
Model Driven Solutions
(A Division of Data Access Technologies, Inc.)
Attn: Personnel
8605 Westwood Center Drive, Suite 505
Vienna, VA 22182
USA

Needed: Creative Software Engineers to produce leading edge open source software tools and supporting infrastructure integrating SOA, MDA and the Semantic Web.

Model Driven Solutions is participating in the development of an open source environment for enterprise and systems architecture, ontologies, metadata and the automated development of distributed software components. We are looking for top developers and team leads capable of providing creative, leading-edge solutions based on today’s foremost technologies.

Applicants should have 3+ years experience in tool development or distributed systems and have a background in at least 3 of the technologies we are utilizing;

Model Driven Architecture, UML, MOF, EDOC and automated development
Semantic web – RDF, OWL
XML Technology stack - XML, XSLT, Web Services, XML Schema, etc.
Executable Enterprise, Solutions and Systems Architecture
Java, J2EE and jBoss
Metadata management
Knowledge Management
Business process modeling and execution
Eclipse IDE and Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF)
Web-based user interface development
Oracle Application Server
The team will be developing leading edge tools and components for model driven development in an open source environment. A great team is being assembled that brings top-notch industry leaders and highly capable developers together to produce compelling solutions.
About Rivian:
Rivian is on a mission to keep the world adventurous forever. This goes for the emissions-free Electric Adventure Vehicles we build, and the curious, courageous souls we seek to attract.

As a company, we constantly challenge what’s possible, never simply accepting what has always been done. We reframe old problems, seek new solutions and operate comfortably in areas that are unknown. Our backgrounds are diverse, but our team shares a love of the outdoors and a desire to protect it for future generations.
Role Summary:
As a Software Engineer, Salesforce Developer, you will be responsible for development of solutions on the Salesforce platform with a declarative first approach.
Responsibilities:
Develop and implement new Salesforce functionality and business processes as necessary including (but not limited to): Apex, test class and Lightning Web Component (LWC) development, Workflow, Process Builder, Flow, assignment rules, approval processes, fields, page layouts, record types, dynamic layouts, apps, actions, custom settings and mobile administration
All aspects of user and license management including new user setup/deactivation, roles, profiles, permissions, permission sets, public groups, Organization Wide Defaults (OWD), sharing rules
Proactive system maintenance including Security Reviews, Release Updates, Health Check, and Optimizer and Sandbox environment management
Working with integrated applications including Amazon Connect, Workforce Management tools, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Social Media and survey tools
Create, document and execute user acceptance test plans. Document bugs and assist in their resolution. Write training documentation and perform end user training
Define reporting requirements and build Dashboards and Reports
Validate data and assist with data migration.
Develops positive relationships with both the business and other functions involved in upstream and downstream technical processes.
Qualifications:
Possess a detailed level of knowledge of Salesforce Sales and Service Cloud functionality and integrations to external systems.
College, university, or equivalent degree in Information Technology, Business, Manufacturing, Engineering or a related subject required.
At least 3 years of Salesforce experience and at least 2 as a Salesforce Developer in an environment that includes
Direct to customer channels, Ecommerce channels, and international channels
Experience with complex Salesforce Sales, Service Cloud, Field Service Lightning implementations
Experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud and Amazon Connect a plus
Proficient in project management for smaller projects
Strong Microsoft Office skills
Experience with Agile development methodology and tools
Pay Disclosure:
Salary Range for California Based Applicants: [$135,000.00 - $150,000.00] (actual compensation will be determined based on experience, location, and other factors permitted by law). Benefits Summary: Rivian provides robust medical/Rx, dental and vision insurance packages for full-time employees, their spouse or domestic partner, and children up to age 26. Coverage is effective on the first day of employment, and Rivian covers most of the premiums.
Company Statements:
Equal Opportunity
Rivian is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information or characteristics, physical or mental disability, marital/domestic partner status, age, military/veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Rivian is committed to ensuring that our hiring process is accessible for persons with disabilities. If you have a disability or limitation, such as those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, that requires accommodations to assist you in the search and application process, please email us at candidateaccommodations@rivian.com.
Candidate Data Privacy
Rivian may collect, use and disclose your personal information or personal data (within the meaning of the applicable data protection laws) when you apply for employment and/or participate in our recruitment processes (“Candidate Personal Data”). This data includes contact, demographic, communications, educational, professional, employment, social media/website, network/device, recruiting system usage/interaction, security and preference information. Rivian may use your Candidate Personal Data for the purposes of (i) tracking interactions with our recruiting system; (ii) carrying out, analyzing and improving our application and recruitment process, including assessing you and your application and conducting employment, background and reference checks; (iii) establishing an employment relationship or entering into an employment contract with you; (iv) complying with our legal, regulatory and corporate governance obligations; (v) recordkeeping; (vi) ensuring network and information security and preventing fraud; and (vii) as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law.

Rivian may share your Candidate Personal Data with (i) internal personnel who have a need to know such information in order to perform their duties, including individuals on our People Team, Finance, Legal, and the team(s) with the position(s) for which you are applying; (ii) Rivian affiliates; and (iii) Rivian’s service providers, including providers of background checks, staffing services, and cloud services.

Rivian may transfer or store internationally your Candidate Personal Data, including to or in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the European Union and in the cloud, and this data may be subject to the laws and accessible to the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities of such jurisdictions.

Please note that we are currently not accepting applications from third party application services.
250 Executive Park Blvd, #3400, San Francisco, CA 94134, United States
Services / Business Support

Odoo ERP system is enterprise resource planning software used company-wide for the management of business processes. Odoo provides seamlessly integrated functional business apps called Odoo apps that form an ERP solution. Our unique proposition of integrated apps that work seamlessly together allows users to automate and track everything they do. The open-source development model of Odoo has allowed us to leverage thousands of developers and business experts to build the world's largest ecosystem of fully integrated business apps.
Odoo has become a global network with more than 12+ million users and partners in more than 120 countries, and we continue growing with 2000+ daily downloads. We are growing fast and need to hire faster.
Apply Now! Recruitment Guidebook
Users of the Product
12,000,000
Company Growth
60% Year over year
Company Maturity
Profitable
We are currently searching for a highly motivated candidate to
join our Technical Support Specialist Team in San Francisco!
Team Size
30+ people
What we expect
This is a hybrid (40% remote and 60% onsite) role in San Francisco, CA.
Odoo is the world's top open-source ERP SaaS software, and Technical Support is the key to our future success! Technical Support Specialists coordinate with various service teams to strategically find the best solutions for businesses that use our software.

As a Technical Support Specialist here at Odoo, you will help us achieve our mission of accelerating value for longstanding SMB customers spanning across North America. This role collaborates with other client-facing roles, is part of a growing team, and heavily impacts Odoo's success. We're looking for someone who is investigative, empathetic, and has great communication skills. You understand small to medium-sized businesses and the functions within them.

Product Complexity
Personal Evolution
Autonomy
Customer Relationship
Quality of Product / Tools
Responsibilities
Expertise: Become proficient in utilizing Odoo's SaaS/Cloud-based applications
Problem-solving: Prioritize and implement innovative solutions for resolving customer inquiries
Communication: Effectively communicate ideas and solutions to customers using written and verbal methods
Customer satisfaction: Ensure prompt and accurate resolution of customer issues to enhance their satisfaction levels
Collaboration: Engage with Engineering, Product, and Developer teams to escalate critical issues and provide valuable feedback
Product testing: Actively participate in testing new and updated products, offering insights for improvement
Support channels: Address Tier 1 and 2 issues via email, chat, and phone
Customer feedback: Collect and convey user feedback to the product team to contribute to feature development

Must Have
Bachelor's degree
SaaS familiarity and knowledge of G Suite
Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively, both written and orally
Ability to learn quickly
Thrive in a critical learning and social setting, embracing new challenges and opportunities
Nice to Have
Business experience at an ERP
Experience/knowledge with tickets-support
Previous work experience in a fast-growing startup environment
Sociable and outgoing



A Technical Support Specialist?

What's great in the job?
Great team of very smart people in a friendly and open culture.
No silly tools to use, no rigid working hours.
No waste of time in enterprise processes, real responsibilities and autonomy.
Expand your knowledge of various business industries.
Create content that will help our users on a daily basis.
Real responsibilities and challenges in a fast evolving company.
Intercax is a pioneer and global innovator in model-based systems engineering (MBSE/MBE). Our flagship product Syndeia integrates models in multiple engineering disciplines—systems, mechanical, electrical, software, manufacturing, and operations—to build an open and smart digital thread. Our products are used by customers in various industrial sectors, such as aerospace, automotive, manufacturing, energy, IoT and healthcare. We are a fast-moving, high-performing, close-knit, and geographically distributed team of software developers and application engineers.
Location
This is a fully remote position. Candidates can work from anywhere in the US but must be available during regular business hours for internal and customer interactions. Candidates must be self-driven, disciplined, professional, and manage their time and tasks.
Roles and Responsibilities
You will be a DevOps and Applications Engineer supporting our flagship product – Syndeia. You will be collaborating with a team of highly qualified software engineers at Intercax. Specifically, your role includes but is not limited to:
Supporting our customers in deploying and managing Syndeia
Demonstrating and training our customers in using Syndeia to build their digital thread
Automating the verification and deployment of our products as containers using CI/CD pipelines
Deploying containerized applications using Kubernetes (K8s) clusters and Helm
Working with customers via our helpdesk to resolve technical issues
Providing general IT support to Intercax engineers
Representing the company at international conferences/workshops to showcase our product
Qualifications and Skills
Bachelors/Masters degree in one of the following fields: Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, or Systems Engineering from an accredited university
US citizen or permanent resident (green card) holder
3+ years of experience in containerization using Docker, Docker Compose, Kubernetes (K8s), and Helm
3+ years of experience with CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, Travis CI, Circle CI, GitHub Actions, and others
3+ years of experience in managing (install/upgrade/test) software applications in an IT environment
5+ years of experience with Linux and Windows Server environments, including configurations, scans, and setups for enhanced cybersecurity. This includes both on-premise and cloud environments, e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP.
Experience with the following technologies will be a bonus:
Identity providers and protocols such as OAuth, SAML, CAC Cards, LDAP, X.509, and OpenID Connect
Programming and scripting with languages such as Java, Groovy, Python in support of infrastructure automating and testing
Query languages such as SQL, CQL, Gremlin, Cypher, GraphQL, and others.
REST API automation and testing tools such as Postman, JMeter, and others
Strong analytical, problem solving, and time management skills; ability to work in a fast-paced, delivery-oriented, and geographically distributed team environment
Strong written and oral communication skills
Local candidate (Northern Georgia) preferred
Fast-paced, Flexible, Learning, and Customer-Focused Environment
Opportunity to work with global customers with mission-critical enterprises in aerospace, automotive, transportation, healthcare, IoT, and other domains.
Competitive pay package.
Work on cutting-edge web technologies and build your skills. Learn more in a month than you may have in a year.
Focus your creative energies on building cool stuff than unnecessary meetings or commutes.
Fast-paced environment with a global team of experts to help you learn new technologies.
Opportunity to work at regular working hours (US ET) for work-life balance.
Opportunities to represent the company at international conferences/workshops and demonstrate products
To Apply, email your resume to jobs@intercax.com with the subject: “DevOps and Applications Engineer – US”. Include links to certifications, achievements, open-source projects that you have contributed to, technical blogs, or apps you may have built. We will respond within 2-3 days to schedule an interview if you are selected
Are you a team player? Are you curious to learn? Are you interested in working in meaningful projects? Do you want to work with cutting-edge technology? Are you interested in being part of an innovative team that builds products which are transforming the organization? If so, LPL Financial is the place for you!
LPL Financial is one of the nation's leading financial services companies and a publicly traded company under ticker symbol LPLA. We support over 18,000 financial professionals—including over 14,000 independent advisors, more than 700 financial institutions, and over 4,000 institutional clearing and technology subscribers. We enable advisors to focus on their clients by reducing the complexity of running their practice and we support their business by offering enabling technology, comprehensive clearing and compliance services, practice management programs and training, and independent research. At LPL, we take care of our advisors, so they can take care of their clients. And Technology is at the center of our mission.
Excited to learn more? If so, then this could be the role for you!
Job Overview:
At LPL Financial we consider it our mission to take care of our advisors so they can take care of their client. As a Senior Python Developer, you will collaborate with cross-functional teams to build innovative solutions on AWS that are scalable, reliable, and secure. If you have strong Python, API, and AWS skills, we want to hear from you!
Responsibilities:
Design, develop, test, tune and implement n-tiered web-based Dot Net applications while collaborating with Development, Enterprise Architecture and Product teams
Assess opportunities for application and process improvements and prepare SDLC documentation
Maintain, troubleshoot, optimize and enhance existing systems
Work collaboratively with QA, DevOPS teams to adopt CI/CD tool chain and develop automation
Communicate with technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis as part of product/project support
Design and develop core services and components with expertise in service-oriented architecture
Design patterns and coding best practices.
What are we looking for?
We want strong collaborators who can deliver a world-class client experience. We are looking for people who thrive in a fast-paced environment, are client-focused, team oriented, and are able to execute in a way that encourages creativity and continuous improvement.
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field
7+ years of experience developing RESTful APIs with Python frameworks such as Flask, Django, Fast API, AWS Powertools, SQL Alchemy, etc.
3+ years of experience developing microservices-based applications on AWS, leveraging services like API Gateway, Lambda, Glue, SNS, SQS, Step Functions, DynamoDB, AWS PostgreSQL RDS, etc.
Strong understanding of API design principles and experience with documentation tools like Swagger
Experience authoring Infrastructure as Code solutions with Terraform
Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines and DevOps practices
Working knowledge of Agile methodologies and Jira
Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment
Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work independently
Knowledge of AWS serverless architectures
Preferences:
Experience with ELK Stack, TeamCity, TFS, and GIT
Familiarity with containerization platforms like Docker and Kubernetes
Experience with messaging technologies such as Kafka
Why LPL?
At LPL, we believe that objective financial guidance is a fundamental need for everyone. As the nation’s leading independent broker-dealer, we offer an integrated platform of proprietary technology, brokerage, and investment advisor services. We provide you with a work environment that encourages your creativity and growth, a leadership team that is supportive and responsive, and the opportunity to create a career that has no limits, only amazing potential.
We are one team on one mission. We take care of our advisors, so they can take care of their clients.
Because our company is not too big and not too small, you can seize the opportunity to make a real impact. We are committed to supporting workplace equality, and we embrace the different perspectives and backgrounds of our employees. We also care for our communities, and we encourage our employees to do the same. This creates an environment in which you can do your best work.
Want to hear from our employees on what it’s like to work at LPL? Watch this!
We take social responsibility seriously. Learn more here!
Want to see info on our benefits? Learn more here.

Pay Range:
$103,360-$155,040/year
Actual base salary varies based on factors, including but not limited to, relevant skill, prior experience, education, base salary of internal peers, demonstrated performance, and geographic location. Additionally, LPL Total Rewards package is highly competitive, designed to support your success at work, at home, and at play – such as 401K matching, health benefits, employee stock options, paid time off, volunteer time off, and more. Your recruiter will be happy to discuss all that LPL has to offer!

Why LPL?
At LPL, we believe that objective financial guidance is a fundamental need for everyone. As the nation’s leading independent broker-dealer, we offer an integrated platform of proprietary technology, brokerage, and investment advisor services. We provide you with a work environment that encourages your creativity and growth, a leadership team that is supportive and responsive, and the opportunity to create a career that has no limits, only amazing potential.
We are one team on one mission. We take care of our advisors, so they can take care of their clients.
Because our company is not too big and not too small, you can seize the opportunity to make a real impact. We are committed to supporting workplace equality, and we embrace the different perspectives and backgrounds of our employees. We also care for our communities, and we encourage our employees to do the same. This creates an environment in which you can do your best work.
Want to hear from our employees on what it’s like to work at LPL? Watch this!
We take social responsibility seriously. Learn more here
Want to see info on our benefits? Learn more here
Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning life’s aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE.
Information on Interviews:
LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lplfinancial.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicant’s bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPL’s Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.
Job Description
Title: Lead .NET Developer

Location: NYC, NY

The Team:
You will be an expert contributor and part of the S&P Global Rating Analytical Application Engineering Team. This team has a broad and expert knowledge of Ratings Publish Data across all asset classes. The team has diverse experience in technology stacks. All Engineering team members provide leadership, innovation, timely delivery, and the ability to articulate business value.

What’s in it for you:
If you are an individual that brings demonstrated experience of leading and delivering strategy projects using latest cloud based, Databricks, & Containerization technologies, this is an excellent opportunity. I am looking for someone with sound technical knowledge, who has worked on designing complex systems and has led transformational initiatives with a high volume of data.

Responsibilities:
Lead, Design solutions to the requirements and problem statements to solve
Hands on technical expertise in design and implementation of Web API with modern AWS cloud technologies and Azure.
Work closely with Product Management and Quality Assurance teams to develop various features
Partner with senior lead and architects to ensure best use of standards for the key data domains and use cases
Be in tune with emerging trends and participate in evaluation of new technologies
Ensure compliance through the adoption of enterprise standards and promotion of best practice / guiding principles aligned with organization standards
What We’re Looking For
Bachelor or Masters degree in Computer Science or Information Technology
10+ years of experience in developing complex systems in .Net
An understanding of software patterns and practices. Deliver high quality, well written code that is quickly understood, efficiently supported, testable, and easily maintained by others
Modern web application development experience, Design simple and intuitive user experiences and contribute thoughtful ideas to continuously improve and refine applications
Must have foundational logical and creative level experience with many technologies including VB.NET, C#.NET, ASP.NET, C#.net Core, Rest WebAPI, HTML5, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, Angular, Oracle sql database programming
Experience developing web applications using .NET Framewrk 4.5 + and .Net Core
Design build and maintain efficient and reusable VB.NET, C# code using design patterns.
Experience building and consuming JSON-based ASP.NET Web API services.
Help build a suite of unit tests and participate in developer peer code reviews
Collaborate closely with team members to review and assess business requirements, and to develop technical solutions
Be an active participant in various internal status meetings held as needed and have a good Agile working environment understanding
Communicate updates, progress, and risks to all internal stakeholders, assist with external communications as requested
Experience with Container Management (i.e. Docker, Kubernetes), Micro Services
Expert knowledge of Agile approaches to software development and able to put key Agile principles into practice to deliver solutions incrementally.
Monitors industry trends and directions; develops and presents substantive technical recommendations to senior management
Excellent analytical thinking, interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills with strong ability to influence both IT and business partners
Ability to prioritize and manage work to critical project timelines in a fast-paced environment
Grade/Level ( relevant for internal and external applicants ): 11

Compensation/Benefits Information:
S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range for this position is $100,200 - $185,000. Base salary ranges may vary by geographic location.

This role is eligible to receive S&P Global benefits.

For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit https://www.spgbenefitessentials.com/newhires .

The Location: New York, USA

About Company Statement:
S&P Global delivers essential intelligence that powers decision making. We provide the world’s leading organizations with the right data, connected technologies and expertise they need to move ahead. As part of our team, you’ll help solve complex challenges that equip businesses, governments, and individuals with the knowledge to adapt to a changing economic landscape.

S&P Global Ratings offers critical insights for credit, risk and sustainable finance solutions that are essential to translating complexity into clarity, so market participants can uncover opportunities.

S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

-----------------------------------------------------------

Equal Opportunity Employer
S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

US Candidates Only: The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

----------------------------------------------------------- 20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), IFTECH202.2 - Middle Professional Tier II (EEO Job Group), SWP Priority – Ratings - (Strategic Workforce Planning)

Job ID: 291569
Posted On: 2023-08-14
Location: New York, New York, United States
General information
Career area
Technology
Work Location(s)
601 S. Tryon Street, NC
Remote?
No
Ref #
16759
Posted Date
Friday, December 1, 2023
Working time
Full time
Ally and Your Career
Ally Financial only succeeds when its people do - and that’s more than some cliché people put on job postings. We live this stuff! We see our people as, well, people - with interests, families, friends, dreams, and causes that are all important to them. Our focus is on the health and safety of our teammates as well as work-life balance and diversity and inclusion. From generous benefits to a variety of employee resource groups, we strive to build paths that encourage employees to stretch themselves professionally. We want to help you grow, develop, and learn new things. You’re constantly evolving, so shouldn’t your opportunities be, too?
The Opportunity
At Ally, you get a startup feel, but experience the benefits of a company that’s worked out the kinks and is fulfilling its purpose. We’re always evolving and see that as a good thing. From owning our work to seeing its impact in the real world, our team is relentless in finding new ways technology can help make experiences better and help people. We are problem solvers, we value diverse thinking, we support one another, and we challenge ourselves to think bigger in the journey to deliver customer-obsessed tech solutions. To read more about what our tech team does, be sure to visit our tech blog at ally.tech

We are seeking a Senior Software Developer to develop application software that supports the capital markets trading activities of Ally bank. This includes the development of new solutions, enhancement of existing functionalities, unit testing, system/application configuration, and other support activities.

The ideal candidate will be a team player with an innovative mindset, as well as highly independent with the ability to work under minimal supervision.
The Work Itself
Serve as a technical authority on all phases of software development including design, coding, testing, debugging, implementation, and support
Write and review software design specifications in an object-oriented development environment
Develop comprehensive unit tests using pytest testing framework
Interact with broader organization teams to understand the business issues surrounding each project and respond directly to questions from business clients
The Skills You Bring
Required:
3-5+ years of software development experience using Python 3.x
Experience using Flask/Plotly Dash; strong understanding of dash callbacks is a big plus
Experience developing comprehensive unit tests, preferably using pytest testing framework
Knowledge of standard change management tools and processes.
Experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Exposure to DevOps (e.g., GitLab, Terraform)
Experience using source version control (SVC) such as Git
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or other engineering discipline

Preferred:
2+ years of development experience in the financial services industry, preferably with experience in capital markets
Familiarity with APIs
Experience in cloud is highly valued; AWS certifications are a big plus
Master's Degree or PhD in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, or other engineering discipline
#LI-hybrid
How We'll Have Your Back
Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and pay-for-performance incentives (bonuses) based on achieving personal and company goals. Our Total Rewards program includes industry-leading compensation and benefits plus additional incentives that are designed to meet your needs and those of your family so you can get the most out of your career and your life, including:
Time Away: 11 paid holidays, 20 paid time off days, and 8 hours of volunteer time off, yearly (paid time off is prorated based on start date)
Planning for the Future: plan for the near and long term with an industry-leading 401K retirement savings plan with matching and company contributions, student loan pay downs and 529 educational save up assistance programs, tuition reimbursement, employee stock purchase plan, and financial learning center and financial coach access.
Supporting your Health & Well-being: flexible health and insurance options including medical, dental and vision, employee, spouse and child life insurance, short- and long-term disability, pre-tax Health Savings Account with employer contributions, Healthcare FSA, critical illness, accident & hospital indemnity insurance, and a total well-being program that helps you and your family stay on track physically, socially, emotionally, and financially.
Building a Family: adoption, surrogacy and fertility assistance as well as paid parental and caregiver leave, Dependent Day Care FSA back-up child and adult/elder care days and childcare discounts.
Work-Life Integration: other benefits including Mentally Fit Employee Assistance Program, subsidized and discounted Weight Watchers® program and other employee discount programs.
Other compensations: depending on the role for which you are considered, you may be eligible for travel allowances, relocation assistance, a signing bonus and/or equity.
To view more detailed information about Ally’s Total Rewards, please visit this link: https://www.ally.com/content/dam/pdf/corporate/ally-total-rewards-snapshot.pdf

Who We Are:

Ally Financial is a customer-centric, leading digital financial services company with passionate customer service and innovative financial solutions. We are relentlessly focused on "Doing it Right" and being a trusted financial-services provider to our consumer, commercial, and corporate customers. For more information, visit www.ally.com.

Ally is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law.

We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical or mental disabilities. For accommodation requests, email us at work@ally.com. Ally will not discriminate against any qualified individual who is capable of performing the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.
Base Pay Range: An individual's position in the range is determined by the scope and responsibilities of the role, work experience, education, certification(s), training, and additional qualifications. We review internal pay, the competitive market, and business environment prior to extending an offer.

Emerging
85000
Experienced
117500
Expert
150000
Incentive Compensation: This position is eligible to participate in our annual incentive plan.
Job Details
Description
A successful Developer in the IT Crude and Marine Product Line Team derives personal satisfaction from advancing business objectives, adding value to the company, and providing great service to internal business partners and external customers. This position will be a key contributor within a dynamic, highly motivated team focused on creating, improving, and maintaining the systems critical to the success of ONEOK's Product Quality applications. The Developer will have the opportunity to be a part of the development and maintenance of highly complex systems; providing the best possible service to ONEOK’s customers and workforce, as well as directly impacting the company’s bottom line. The Developer will be independently motivated and deliberately collaborative. In addition, the Developer will have extensive analytical and technical design skills to solve business problems utilizing technology and be willing to continuously learn as needed to solve real-world problems.
Responsibilities
Works independently with limited supervision as well as within an agile team environment to deliver working software.
Proactively participates in business analysis and technical design activities with technical and non-technical stakeholders to resolve issues and ensure solutions are viable and consistent.
Implements requirements by defining and analyzing technical problems; designing and testing standards and solutions.
Tests, maintains, and recommends software improvements to ensure strong functionality and optimization.
Works with team members to conduct root cause analysis of issues, review new and existing code and/or perform unit testing.
Provides comprehensive support to internal customers; achieves resolution to outstanding problems or issues.
Documents specifications, system guidelines, and technical manuals for new and legacy systems.
Performs hands-on code development for complex initiatives, both on a large and medium scale.
Communicates effectively and professionally in all forms of communication with internal and external customers.
Aids in the support of other team members for the team’s goals and objectives. We are one team.
Stays up-to-date with current technologies and technical developments.
Requirements:
Previous working experience in Java development
Knowledge of SQL and experience with ORM frameworks such as Hibernate
Experience using version control systems Git
Basic web server administration experience in Tomcat or JBoss
Strong understanding of Modern Web Application Architectures, Functional and Object-Oriented Programming concepts.
Qualifications Considered a Plus
Hands-on experience in tools including Eclipse, Atlassian Suite, Azure Devops, Postman, Jenkins, Heroku
Experience developing web applications using a web framework such as Spring, Struts, or Apache Tapestry
Experience with AWS Elastic Beanstalk, EKS, or Fargate
Experience utilizing unit testing frameworks such as Junit/JBehave/Serenity
Hands-on experience in technologies including HTML, CSS, ES6, PL/SQL, OIDC 2.0, , XML, API Development, Containers and/or Microservices Architecture.
Experience using jQuery, React/Angular
UX design skills including ability to drive a positive customer experience, convey product ideas, and explain thinking behind designs.
Deep understanding of Object-Oriented Design Patterns, Domain-Driven Design, and Vertical Slice Architecture.
Experience in Relational Database Design & Development in either Oracle or MSSQL.
Understanding of how to apply secure coding principles to mitigate OWASP's Top 10 vulnerabilities.
Demonstrated strong partnering, mentoring, and coaching skills.
Education
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent work experience.
Additional requirements: Regular attendance; the ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing in English with co- workers, supervisors, internal and external customers; the ability to work in stressful conditions; the ability to adapt and respond in changing circumstances; the ability to use a personal computer with the Windows(R) operating system to complete time sheets, send and receive email, and access information posted on the Company's intranet; availability as needed to work on both a scheduled and call-out basis; and the ability to work at the assigned job site. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, skills, or working conditions.
ONEOK is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, religion, creed, national origin, gender identity, disability, military/veteran status, genetic information or any other categories protected by applicable law.
The job description is not intended to be a complete list of all responsibilities, duties or skills required for the job and is subject to review and change at any time, with or without notice, in accordance with the needs of ONEOK.
ONEOK is committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request an accommodation, email HRHub@magellanlp.com or call 918-574-7240 (8:00 am to 5:00 pm Central Time, Monday through Friday).

About Upstart
Upstart is a leading AI lending marketplace partnering with banks and credit unions to expand access to affordable credit. By leveraging Upstart's AI marketplace, Upstart-powered banks and credit unions can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates across races, ages, and genders, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. More than two-thirds of Upstart loans are approved instantly and are fully automated.
Upstart is a digital-first company, which means that most Upstarters can live and work anywhere in the U.S. We also have offices in San Mateo, California; Columbus, Ohio; and Austin, Texas.
Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we’d love to hear from you!
The Team
The Data Engineering team (Part of Upstart's core platform vertical) provides developer tools, frameworks, and scalable data infrastructure as shared services across Upstart. The team's primary objective is to provide Data Analysts, Software Engineers, and ML scientists access to high-quality data and developer tools to create business metrics for respective product verticals,
You will join the subdivision focusing on Data Capture.
As the Data Platform Engineer on the Data Capture team, you will get the opportunity to contribute to 3 areas:
Expand the existing developer tools that capture business events, operational data and third party data into the Lakehouse.
Expand the self-serve and orchestration framework that developers use to build pipelines.
Improve the observability and SLAs for the above services and raw layer data in the Lakehouse.

We would love to hear from you if you are passionate about building data products!

Position Location - This role is available in the following locations: Remote, San Mateo, Columbus, Austin
Time Zone Requirements - This team operates on the East/West Coast time zones.
Travel Requirements - This team has periodic on-site collaboration sessions twice or thrice a year. Upstart will cover all travel-related expenses if you need to travel to make these meetups.

How you’ll make an impact:
Build and Improve the tools owned by the Capture team
Own the service/raw layer data observability and SLAs
Participate in planning and prioritization by collaborating with stakeholders across the various product verticals and functions (ML, Analytics, Finance) to ensure our architecture aligns with the overall business objectives.
Collaborate with stakeholders such as Software Engineering, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Platform and Analytics teams to ingest well curated data into the Lakehouse and adopt the developer tools
Participate in code reviews and architecture discussions to exchange actionable feedback with peers.
Contribute to engineering best practices and mentor junior team members.
Help break down complex projects and requirements into sprints.
Continuously monitor and improve data platform performance, reliability, and security.
Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and industry best practices in data engineering.

What we’re looking for:
Minimum requirements:
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, or a related field.
3+ years of experience in data engineering or related fields, with a strong focus on data quality, governance, and data infrastructure.
Proficiency in data engineering tech stack; Databricks / PostgreSQL / Python / Spark / Kafka/ Streaming / SQL / AWS / Airflow/ DBT / containers and orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes) and others.
Ability to approach problems with first principles thinking, embrace ambiguity, and enjoy collaborative work on complex solutions.
Preferred qualifications:
Strong foundation in algorithms and data structures and their real-world use cases.
Experience and understanding of distributed systems, data architecture design, and big data technologies (e.g., Spark Streaming / Batch, Kafka Streaming, Lakehouse, Databricks, Redshift).
Experience with AWS technologies ( e.g., AWS Lambda, Redshift, RDS, S3, etc.).
Knowledge of data ingestion, software engineering and data security best practices.
Good knowledge of DevOps engineering using Continuous Integration/Delivery tools like Kubernetes, Jenkins, Terraform, etc., thinking about automation, alerting, monitoring, security, and other declarative infrastructure.
Ability to explain complex concepts in easy-to-understand ways and navigate environments where problems are not well-defined (and evolve quickly).
What you'll love:
Competitive Compensation (base + bonus & equity)
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage with Health Savings Account contributions from Upstart
401(k) with 100% company match up to $4,500 and immediate vesting and after-tax savings
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Life and disability insurance
Generous holiday, vacation, sick and safety leave
Supportive parental, family care, and military leave programs
Annual wellness, technology & ergonomic reimbursement programs
Social activities including team events and onsites, all-company updates, employee resource groups (ERGs), and other interest groups such as book clubs, fitness, investing, and volunteering
Catered lunches + snacks & drinks when working in offices

#LI-REMOTE
#LI-Associate
At Upstart, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. The anticipated base salary for this position is expected to be within the below range. Your actual base pay will depend on your geographic location–with our “digital first” philosophy, Upstart uses compensation regions that vary depending on location. Individual pay is also determined by job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
In addition, Upstart provides employees with target bonuses, equity compensation, and generous benefits packages (including medical, dental, vision, and 401k).
United States | Remote - Anticipated Base Salary Range
$130,100—$180,000 USD
Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together.
If you require reasonable accommodation in completing an application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please email candidate_accommodations@upstart.com
https://www.upstart.com/candidate_privacy_policy
. Net Developer:
Participate in requirements analysis.
Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture.
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages.
Test and deploy applications and systems.
Revise, update, refactor and debug code.
Improve existing software.
Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC).
Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support.
Will work in unanticipated locations. Requires Bachelors in computer Science, Engineering or related and 1 year experience.
Send resume to Royal Technocrats, Inc. 7447 Harwin Dr, Suite 270, Houston, TX 77036 or email to hr@royaltechnocrats.com.
ByteDance
Founded in 2012, ByteDance's mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. With a suite of more than a dozen products, including TikTok, Helo, and Resso, as well as platforms specific to the China market, including Toutiao, Douyin, and Xigua, ByteDance has made it easier and more fun for people to connect with, consume, and create content.

Lark
Lark is a next-generation team productivity suite that boosts organizations' efficiency, creativity, and engagement. It seamlessly integrates Messenger, Docs, Calendar, Video calls, Emails, OKR, and more into one easy-to-use app.

Why Join Us
Creation is the core of ByteDance's purpose. Our products are built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make our innovations possible.
Together, we inspire creativity and enrich life - a mission we aim towards achieving every day.
To us, every challenge, no matter how ambiguous, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always.
At ByteDance, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves, our company, and the users we serve.
Join us.

About the Team
Lark Platform Engineering team is devoted to supporting the commercial success of Lark products on a global scale. Currently, our team scope includes Lark user growth and facilitating integration with third-party services. In our pursuit of user growth, we develop website that bring traffic to our products line. We deploy innovative tools designed to empower our sales and marketing teams to more effectively identify and cater to potential customers. Additionally, we are continually refining the onboarding experience for our Lark products. Regarding third-party integrations, our focus lies in the development of industry-specific super-app solutions. These applications link customers' third-party services to Lark, fostering deep integration that enables our customers to leverage the full capabilities of our suite and their data sets.

Responsibilities
Provide backend service expertise in developing new features by working closely with design, product and other cross-functional teams.
Contribute to overall system design and code quality improvement
Improve product quality through bug fixes, performance analysis and tuning
Grow the team by coaching junior engineers and contributing to long-term technical planning.
Collaborate with product and engineering teams in Asia
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or above
At least 5 years of backend software development experience
Extensive experience in backend service development
Strong curiosity to learn new things and willingness to explore outside of the comfort zone
A strong developer and a great problem solver who thrives in a fast-paced environment
Passion for building a large-scale product with incredible performance, stability, and elegant user experience
Working proficiency and communication skills in both English and Mandarin (as sometimes you will need to reference and translate Chinese process documents and deliver global projects accordingly)
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with one of the following general-purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Golang, Java, and Python.
Experience with or knowledge of messaging middleware, relational database and common backend architecture
Experience building developer platforms or 3rd party integration ecosystems
Expertise in building large-scale platforms and SaaS services
Experience building unified API or data model services
Experience building a no-code or low-code automated workflow system
ByteDance is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At ByteDance, our mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

ByteDance Inc. is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at lark.accommodations@bytedance.com
OSS is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business headquartered in Huntsville, AL. We are focused on "Making a Difference" in the lives of our Department of Defense Customers, Communities, and Employees. Our greatest strength is our people. We expect competence and character and look for uniquely skilled and passionate individuals bound by a collective vision to bring their best to our mission. OSS believes in taking great care of our employees, evidenced by our exemplary benefits package: OSS covers 75% of the monthly insurance cost towards employee Health Insurance, we offer multiple Principal product options, and we have a fantastic 401k plan match with eligibility to start immediately upon hire. If you are interested in an opportunity to join a great mission, supporting awesome customers with a growing company, please reach out to us to learn more!
OSS is seeking a talented web application developer that is excited about learning new technologies, and is both a team player and capable of leading full lifecycle web application development efforts. Initial projects will utilize JavaScript for application development, and MS SQL Server for database design and stored procedure programming. The primary focus will be automating business processes, to include project, acquisition, funding, and schedule processes and related data. The user interfaces developed must both provide intuitive data management features, as well as meaningful visualizations of business data for utilization by customer senior management and functional leads. This is position is mostly telework, with occasional on-site work supporting one of our valued government customers. You will have the opportunity to develop solutions from customer requirements to implementation and sustainment, and therefore must have experience doing so in previous projects, have excellent communication and documentation skills, and thrive in a fast-paced environment. Our primary objective is to provide our customers with outstanding support and dedication to help them fulfill their mission.
Requirements:
4+ years' experience developing web-based application utilizing JavaScript, web services, and MS SQL Server
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or related field
Skilled in user interface development and data visualization
Self-starter that looks for the next priority task to work once the task at hand is accomplished
Ability to keep stakeholders informed of project timelines and changes
Excellent organizational, time-management, and verbal/written communication skills
Capable in all aspects of full life cycle software development
Enjoys and excels working in a team environment
Preferred:
CompTIA Security+ certification (or equivalent)
Experience in translating informal customer requirements into technical requirements, to include business process mapping, interface design, business rules, and database design.
Experience in MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel
Experience developing and supporting SharePoint-based solutions
Experience in the Microsoft Office 365 platform, to include SharePoint Online, Teams, Power Apps, and Power BI
Security Clearance is required - therefore, only US citizens can be considered.
Offset Strategic Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, genetics, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disability status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, and compensation. We are committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities. To request a reasonable accommodation, please email us from our website contact link.
*
Experience*
Required
Capable in all aspects of Full Life Cycle Software Development
BS Degree in Computer Science, MIS or Related
4 year(s): Experience developing web-based application utilizing JavaScript, web services, and MS SQL Server.
Excellent organizational, time-management, and verbal/written communication skills
Skilled in user interface development and data visualization
Preferred
CompTIA Security+ Cert (or Equiv)
Advanced proficiency in Excel
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Licenses & Certifications
Preferred
CompTIA Security+
Behaviors
Required
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Functional Expert: Considered a thought leader on a subject
Dedicated: Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity
Team Player: Works well as a member of a group
Motivations
Required
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
Job Type: Full-time
Overview:
Abile Group has an exciting and challenging opportunity for a Full Stack Software Developer supporting an Intelligence Community Customer in Lorton, VA. As a Full Stack Software Developer, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining virtualized environments. You will play a crucial role in optimizing performance, ensuring high availability, and supporting various virtualization technologies to meet customer requirements on both classified and unclassified networks.

The right candidate will possess the below skills and qualifications and be ready to handle all responsibilities independently and professionally.
Responsibilities:

Participate in software development to support enhancements of front end user interfaces using react as well as Java RESTful backend services (SpringBoot, Hibernate).

Developing and directing software system validation and testing methods using Junit

Use industry leading DevOps tools like GitHub, Jenkins, Ansible, Python, and Unix Bash scripting

Document and Perform systems software development, including deployment of build artifacts across different environments

Develop and integrate custom developed software solutions to leverage automated deployment technologies

Develop, prototype and deploy solutions within a Cloud environment.

Coordinate closely with team members, Product Owners and Scrum Masters to ensure User Story alignment and implementation to customer use cases

Analyze (through proof of concept, performance, and end-to-end testing) and effectively coordinate Infrastructure needs driven by developed software to meet customer mission needs

Support the Agile software development lifecycle following Program SAFe practices

Communicate key project data to team members and build team cohesion and effectiveness.

Leverage Atlassian tool suite like JIRA and Confluence to track activities

Apply and identify best practices and standard operating procedures

Create innovative solutions to meet the technical needs of customers.

Deploy applications to secret environment

Support Tier 2 and 3 tickets
Qualifications:
Clearance Required: Active Top Secret

Degree and Years of Experience: BS degree and 7 years of prior relevant experience; additional experience in lieu of degree accepted.

Required Skills:
Experience in using Front end languages (expressJS / React preferred)

Experience in developing back end Java RESTFul services

Experience using scripting language (Python preferred)

Significant experience in the software development lifecycle, with experience delivering within DevOps toolsets/practices

Direct experience utilizing software testing performance tools, such as Junit or related testing tools

Direct experience working in an Agile development environment and tempo

Well versed with using version control systems

Well versed with using issue/problem tracking systems
Desired Skills:
Experience developing DevOps infrastructure using GitHub, Jenkins and related tools.

About Abile Group, Inc.:
Abile Group, Inc. was formed in July 2004 to partner with the Intelligence Community and their Contractors in the areas of Enterprise Analytics & Performance Management, IT & Systems Engineering and Program & Project Management. We have significant experience with the Federal Government and are an EDWOSB dedicated to our employees and clients. We are looking for high performing employees who enjoy providing advice and guidance along with solutions development and implementation support, crafted by combining industry best practices with the clients’ subject matter experience and Abile’s breadth of expertise.
EEO Statement:
Abile Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodations should email careers@abilegroup.com with requested details. A member of the HR team will respond to your request within 2 business days.

Please review our current job openings and apply for the positions you believe may be a fit. If you are not an immediate fit, we will also keep your resume in our database for future opportunities.
Title: Data Analysis Manager (00053)
State Role Title: Info Technology Specialist IV
Hiring Range: Up to $140,000
Pay Band: 7
Agency: Department of Elections
Location: Department of Elections
Agency Website: www.elections.virginia.gov
Recruitment Type: General Public - G
Job Duties
Organizational Objective
The Department of Elections promotes and supports accurate, fair, open and secure elections for the citizens of the Commonwealth. Elect ensures the proper administration of election laws, campaign finance disclosure compliance, and voter registration processes in the state by promulgating rules, regulations, issuing instructions, and providing information to local Electoral Boards and general registrars.

The Department of Elections envisions a highly modern, efficient and professional electoral process that is trustworthy and accountable at all levels and engages Virginia’s diverse citizenry in the most fundamental right in a democratic society: the right to vote.

About the Position
The Data Analysis Manager will manage the ELECT system operations and batch scheduling processes to ensure accuracy, completeness, integrity, security and efficiency of the ELECT list maintenance processes. Also, supervises the activities of Geographic Information Systems (GIS) administrators to ensure that such data points are utilized in the elections process as required. Implements policies, standards and procedures relating to administration, batch scheduling, security and auditing of list maintenance. Possess the knowledge, skills and abilities to ensure timely completion of batch and scheduled tasks. Works closely with our vendors, developers and business analysts for successful transmission of data. Using what is available to the department for the continual improvement and maintenance of the ELECT Voter Registration list.
Minimum Qualifications
Current experience speaking in front of large groups
Current experience writing reports for high profile groups
Current experience writing technical documentation
Current experience working with 3rd parties and Commonwealth agencies to exchange data
Proficient in SQL Server 2016, 2017, 2019, 2022
Working with large complex data sets/data warehousing, and relational databases
Working knowledge of data matching logic or fuzzy lookups
Proficient developing, creating and supporting ETL processes
Proficient with designing, implementing, and administering data integrations
Proficient working with SQL server integration services (SSIS)
Proficient working with secure file exchange protocols like SFTP
Current experience working with data encryption methods
Understanding of change control
Current experience in Geographic Information System (GIS) concepts
Understanding of Agile methodologies and processes
Good project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work structures, project lifecycle models, etc.
Strong knowledge of system and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies.
Competency with XML constructs and schemas.
Confidence and experience with API protocols and REST schemas.
Strong understanding of end-user needs and requirements.
Excellent understanding of the organization’s goals and objectives.
Ability to work creatively and analytically in a team environment.
Ability to effectively prioritize and handle multiple tasks and projects.
Desire to learn, innovate and evolve technology.
Additional Considerations
Relevant Information Technology or Data Security certifications are also desired but not required in lieu of appropriate experience. Must have or be able to obtain a valid driver’s license.

Special Instructions
You will be provided a confirmation of receipt when your application and/or résumé is submitted successfully. Please refer to “Your Application” in your account to check the status of your application for this position.
The Virginia Department of Elections is an equal opportunity employer, committed to diversity in the workplace. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or disability. Applicants who need accommodations for an interview should request this in advance by emailing debbie.wyattsmith@dhrm.virginia.gov. Americorps, Peace Corps, and other National Service Alumni are encouraged to apply."

The selected candidate will have to complete a fingerprint based background check.

State employees who have been affected by Policy 1.3 Layoff and possess a valid Interagency Placement Screening Form (Yellow Card) or a Preferential Hiring Form (Blue Card) must submit the card BEFORE the closing date for this position. The card may be scanned and attached to the application or faxed to (804) 371-7401. Please include your name and the position number on the fax cover.
Contact Information
Name: Debbie Wyatt-Smith
Phone: 804-225-2007
Email: Debbie.wyattsmith@dhrm.virginia.gov

In support of the Commonwealth’s commitment to inclusion, we are encouraging individuals with disabilities to apply through the Commonwealth Alternative Hiring Process. To be considered for this opportunity, applicants will need to provide their Certificate of Disability (COD) provided by a Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor within the Department for Aging & Rehabilitative Services (DARS), or the Department for the Blind & Vision Impaired (DBVI). Veterans are encouraged to answer Veteran status questions and submit their disability documentation, if applicable, to DARS/DBVI to get their Certificate of Disability. If you need to get a Certificate of Disability, use this link: Career Pathways for Individuals with Disabilities, or call DARS at 800-552-5019, or DBVI at 800-622-2155.

Each agency within the Commonwealth of Virginia is dedicated to recruiting, supporting, and maintaining a competent and diverse work force. Equal Opportunity Employer

The Role: Sr. Software Engineer, Quality Engineering

The Team: The Quality Engineering team works in partnership with other Technology Functions and the Business to ensure quality delivery of our products. The team works in an Agile environment and is located globally. The team is independent in driving all decisions and is responsible for continuously improving customer experience, revenue growth and operations enablement through quick turn-around of development of our products with high quality.

The Impact: As an Sr. Quality Engineer, you will make a significant contribution in building automation/performance solutions to test applications across Web/Windows/API/Services platforms and framing efficient data comparison methods. Your challenge will be reducing the “time to market” for products without compromising quality, by leveraging automation and innovation. You will use a wide range of technologies and have the opportunity to interact with different internal teams.

What’s In It For You:
Working with a team of highly skilled, ambitious and result-oriented professionals.
Using a wide range of cutting-edge technology to innovate while testing.
An ever-challenging environment to hone your existing skills in Automation, Performance, service layer testing, SQL scripting etc.
A great opportunity to think and execute like a developer while performing the role of QA.
Being a part of an organization which values ‘Culture of Urgency’ and ‘Shift Left’ approaches.
A plenty of skill building, knowledge sharing, and innovation opportunities.
Building a fulfilling career with a global financial technology company.

Responsibilities:
Develop automation/performance scripts that meet organization standards and build reliable automated regression suites.
Design and develop test plans, test cases based upon functional and design specifications, execute test cases and analyze and report test results to the teams.
Work in partnership with the development teams to deliver business functionality on time with required quality that meets the acceptance criteria.
Focus on building efficient solutions for Web, Services/APIs, and Database testing requirements.
Participate in internal/cross team meetings, project scoping, functional reviews, test specifications, technical reviews for assigned projects in an Agile environment.
Participate actively in functional, system and regression testing activities.
Capture quality assurance data and metrics to provide insights and conclusions.
Estimate and perform risk analysis for quality delivery.

What We’re Looking For:
3 - 5 years of experience in software testing and developing automated scripts with understanding of coding and debugging procedures.
Experience in programming using Python/Java or other languages.
Experience in design and development of automated tests using automation tools (e.g. Python, Selenium, etc.) with exposure in testing across the application layers (UI/Service/Data layers).
Experience in advising team to identify automatable test cases at different layers (UI, Services and Data layer tests). Ability to working with developers to build automation/performance friendly code is a plus.
Experience in basic SQL/PL-SQL, writing queries and RDBMS.
Understanding of Behavior Driven Development (BDD) practices and experience in Safe Agile methodology is a plus.
Knowledge of testing in CI, DevOps, rolling deployment/upgrade model is a plus.
Knowledge of developing Test Plans and Test Cases, engage in Exploratory Testing, creating and maintaining Defect Reports.
Exposure to performance testing tools like HP LoadRunner/Performance Center/Storm Runner, JMeter is a plus.
Strong communication skills and ability to produce clear, concise and detailed documentation.
Excellent problem solving, analytical and technical troubleshooting skills.
Bachelor's or higher qualification in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent is preferred.

Flexible Working
We pride ourselves on our agility and diversity, and we welcome requests to work flexibly. For most roles, flexible hours and/or an element of remote working are usually possible. Please talk to us at interview about the type of arrangement that is best for you. We will always try to be adaptable wherever we can.

Compensation/Benefits Information (US Applicants Only):
S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range for this position is $60,000 to $ 95,000. Base salary ranges may vary by geographic location.
In addition to base compensation, this role is eligible for an annual incentive plan. This role is not eligible for additional compensation such as an annual incentive bonus or sales commission plan.

This role is eligible to receive additional S&P Global benefits. For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit https://www.spglobal.com/benefits .

-----------------------------------------------------------

Equal Opportunity Employer
S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

US Candidates Only: The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

----------------------------------------------------------- 20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), IFTECH202.1 - Middle Professional Tier I (EEO Job Group)

Job ID: 292201
Posted On: 2023-12-15
Location: New York, New York, United States
The position has the opportunity for up to 40% remote work from the Cullowhee, NC campus or full-time remote work if occupying a residence outside a 30-mile radius in North Carolina.

The Application Developer is responsible for designing, developing and maintaining a range of technical solutions (primarily .NET web applications) that originate with IT project requests. Solutions range from performing feasibility of a new feature to standing up 3rd party software to building custom solutions within adopted frameworks. Development duties mainly consist of creating and maintaining web applications and web services using object-oriented languages, leveraging object-relational mapping frameworks for database operations, and collaborating with other developers to develop and maintain internal frameworks. The developer participates in all aspects of the system development life cycle — analysis, design, implementation, testing and maintenance.

Telework requirements (for candidates choosing to telework):
Must be located within a eight hour driving distance of the WCU campus in Cullowhee, NC.
Periodic campus visits will be required.
Most meetings will be conducted via video conference when possible so conference capabilities must be available from remote work location.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Math or Engineering or related technical degree from an appropriately accredited institution and two years of experience in application development; or a Bachelor’s degree with some computer coursework from an appropriately accredited institution and three years of experience in application development; or an Associate’s degree in computer programming and three years of experience in application development: or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

2 years of experience with .NET application development using MVC

Preferred Qualifications
Experience developing secure and stateful web applications using .NET Core, Blazor, SignalR and Microsoft Identity platform (Azure AD; OAuth; OpenID Connect).
Experience interacting and building data structures within a variety of DBMS (SQL Server; Oracle; Azure SQL) using ORM frameworks such as Entity and Dapper.
Experience developing secure RESTful web services and applications using Microsoft’s MVC and Web API patterns.
Experience deploying and managing applications and complementary developer resources within Azure (e.g. Azure DevOps, App Services, Key Vault, etc.)

3-5 years of experience with .NET application development

Position Type
Permanent Full-Time

Number of Hours Per Week
40

Number of Months Per Year
12

Posting Text
Open Date
08/16/2023

Close Date

Open Until Filled
Yes

Special Instructions to Applicants
To be considered, you must apply online. Please include a cover letter, resume, and a list of professional references to complete the application process.

For questions or additional information, please contact Jed Tate at jtate@email.wcu.edu or 828-227-2431.

Background/E-Verify
Final candidates are subject to criminal & sex offender background checks. Some vacancies also require credit or motor vehicle checks.

Western Carolina University uses E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify. Proper documentation of identity and employability are required at the time of employment.

Credential Verification
All new employees are required to have listed credentials/degrees verified within 30 days of employment. All new employees who will be teaching are required to provide official transcripts within 30 days of employment. Transcripts should be provided for the highest earned degree and/or the degree which is being used to satisfy credential/qualification requirements.

AA/EOE
Western Carolina University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; color; religion; sex; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; national origin; age; disability; genetic information; political affiliation; National Guard or veteran status, consistent with applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations, and policies, and the policies of The University of North Carolina. Additionally, the University promotes the realization of equal employment opportunity for minorities, women, persons with disabilities, and veterans through its affirmative action program.
Persons with disabilities requiring accommodations in the application and interview process please call (828) 227-7218 or email at jobs@email.wcu.edu.

University Safety
The Western Carolina University Annual Safety Report is available online at University Annual Safety Report or in hard-copy by request at the office of the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs, 227 HFR Administration Building, Cullowhee, NC 28723 (828-227-7147) or the Office of University Police, 111 Camp Annex, Cullowhee, NC 28723 (828-227-7301). The report, required of all universities participating in Title IV student financial aid programs, discusses crime statistics, procedures for reporting suspicious or criminal activity, security, police authority, crime prevention strategies, university policies on substance abuse and sexual offenses, workplace violence and fire safety.
We are looking for iPhone and Android Developers to help build some really cool and innovative mobile applications. In this “hands-on” technical roles you will be part of a team developing leading edge software designed for use with large volumes of traffic and transactions. You need to be highly organized, have insight into the mobile market, understand ergonomics especially as they apply to mobile app user interfaces, and be somewhat familiar with Agile development concepts and best practices. Requirements: 2+ yrs on mobile, OOP, Algorithms, Dynamic Programming
Email us at hr-resume@softbolt.com
Job Description:
The Purpose of This Role
As a Software Engineer in Test, you will focus on building test automation solution for UI and/or ETL testing for highly available systems! You will be working directly with other Software Developers, Architects and business stakeholders to translate vision and designs into sustainable business solutions. You will be responsible for the development of test automation solution for complex software applications, ensuring they are built with quality, consistency to our standards, performance and responsive to the device accessing the application.

The Value You Deliver
This Software Engineer will play a key role within Fidelity’s Workplace Investments Stock Plan Services teams. The individual will work closely with the Scrum master, Systems analysts, Architects, Developers and other QE resources to design, build and deliver complete Quality Engineering lifecycle that make up Fidelity’s internet experience. They will be expected to work closely and collaborate with other developers on projects.

Responsibilities of the role includes:
Translating business and systems requirements into test strategy, Test scenarios and test plans
Designing, developing, documenting, and maintaining automated tests and tools
Adhering to Quality Engineering Practices in development of automation scripts
Understand and apply BDD design concepts to test software solutions.
Adhere to industry standard best practices in Quality Engineering
Delivering accurate and maintainable code for automation and software utilities.
Measure and Report key QA metrics
Collaborating with other technical resources to:
Suggest improvements for processes, best practices, and standards.
Find opportunities to improve maintainability of automation platform.
The Skills that are Key to this role
Apply proven analytical, problem-solving and quality assurance/testing skills to enhance and validate the quality of the software solutions
Effectively communicating with stakeholders and providing up to date status of QA delivery
Guide the team to build end to end test strategy
Bring in cloud testing expertise
Spearhead the automation coverage for a given system
Ability to quickly learn, adapt and strive to meet the needs of a fast paced, changing environment
Ability to navigate organizationally in order to accomplish tasks
Ability to work on multiple efforts simultaneously
Behavioral attributes
Excellent Written and verbal communication and presentation skills
Organizational skills including time, project and process management
Solid analytical, negotiation & building consensus abilities
Ability to work effectively with both business customers and project team members
Good interpersonal, relationship management and facilitation skills
Technical skills
5+ years’ experience predominantly in software test/ Quality Engineering
Bachelor’s/Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other related field
Deep expertise in Functional testing, regression testing and End to End testing
Hands-on Software Development in Test experience, which includes any of the following:
4+ years of using Object Oriented Languages like, Python,etc.
5+ years of automation scripting experience (not record and playback)
Good understanding of BDD, CI-CD and DevOps concepts is mandatory.
Expertise in following is required:
Python
Function UI Validation
Validation of SOAP/RESTful web services
Jenkins (CI/CD Pipelines)
Selenium + Behave
PL/SQL
Experience in the following is a strong plus:
Java
Docker
AWS/Azure
Mobile testing
Service Virtualization
Understanding and working experience of Non-functional testing is preferred
How Your Work Impacts the Organization
WI (Workplace Investments) helps our customers save and invest through workplace retirement savings plans, build lifetime relationships with customers and provide employers with cost-effective, integrated employee benefit solutions. WI serves customers online, over the phone, and through a nationwide network of investor centers. WI is also committed to helping drive employee retirement readiness by delivering leading-edge financial solutions to employers, including recordkeeping, cash management products and services and personal advisory services (PAS).
Certifications:
Company Overview
Fidelity Investments is a privately held company with a mission to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients. We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients' money.

Join Us
At Fidelity, you'll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples' lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. Honored with a Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award, we have been recognized by our employees as a Best Place to Work in 2023. And you don't need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning so you can build the career you've always imagined.
At Fidelity, our goal is for most people to work flexibly in a way that balances both personal and business needs with time onsite and offsite through what we’re calling “Dynamic Working”. Most associates will have a hybrid schedule with a requirement to work onsite at a Fidelity work location for at least one week, 5 consecutive days, every four weeks. These requirements are subject to change.
We invite you to Find Your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com.

Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging.
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling 800-835-5099, prompt 2, option 3.
At Fidelity, we value honesty, integrity, and the safety of our associates and customers within a heavily regulated industry. Certain roles may require candidates to go through a preliminary credit check during the screening process. Candidates who are presented with a Fidelity offer will need to go through a background investigation and may be asked to provide additional documentation as requested. This investigation includes but is not limited to a criminal, civil litigations and regulatory review, employment, education, and credit review (role dependent). These investigations will account for 7 years or more of history, depending on the role. Where permitted by federal or state law, Fidelity will also conduct a pre-employment drug screen, which will review for the following substances: Amphetamines, THC (marijuana), cocaine, opiates, phencyclidine.
Job Type: Full-Time
Pay Type:Salary
Work Time:8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Department:IT

Job Summary:
We are looking for an Application Developer that has experience in PHP that can help us maintain and expand some existing warehouse software written in PHP. The Application Developer can support our office that consists of Windows desktops and servers. Ideal candidate would need to have good work ethics (goal oriented), good communication skills, able to work with assortment of web-based products and willingness to learn and work in new environments. Candidate would need to diagnose and fix hardware, software and hardware issues.
Typical Duties and Responsibilities:
Maintains and supports user Windows PCs
Diagnoses network issues including WIFI products - Maintains and support firewall - Maintains and supports SIP/VOIP phones
Maintains current web-based warehouse management software
Installs work stations, load all necessary software, connect & set up hardware
Provides network access and connectivity to the staff
Maintains IP addresses & a list of necessary maintenance and repairs
Researches both current and potential services and resources, make recommendations about the purchase of resources
Ensures technology is equipped with the latest hardware and software and is accessible
Troubleshoots network operating system, software and hardware, a variety of computer issues in a timely manner
Trains staff to maximize the potential of existing technology
Provides individual support and training upon request
Maintains an updated inventory of software, hardware and resources
Maintains or repairs equipment
Sets up computer security measures
Configures computer networks
Develops and maintains written instructional materials when necessary
Sets up new hires with email and computer access when necessary
Performs any other IT related duties during working hours and when necessary sometimes after hour on-call work

Skills/requirements:
+ 3 Years of experience resolving technical issues with PC’s / servers
Diploma in Computer / IT related area of study or equivalent
Knowledge of Windows networking technologies
A+ and / or MCP qualification preferred
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills
Good organizational, time management skills and the ability to multi tasks
Ability to work independently is also a must
Well organized with strong work ethics
Must be able to pass a nationwide background check / drug screening
Join Bright Pattern
Bright Pattern provides the simplest and most powerful AI-powered omnichannel cloud contact center software for innovative companies, growing at over 100% per year and we are looking for stars to join our team!
Senior Software Engineer (Mobile)
Bright Pattern is looking for our Pleasanton, CA office: Senior Software
Engineer (Mobile) to join our strong professional team in creating the next
generation of mobile contact center technology.
Key Responsibilities:
You will be dedicated to solving users’ problems by creating superior
interfaces and user experience in our mobile application
Be fully responsible for the functionality you develop and take pride when it
works and performs excellently
You love developing mobile applications and comfortable working with
both iOS and Android devices
You will be comfortable working in a close-knit team of engineers with
React Native being the primary environment for the team effort
You must have decent knowledge and practical experience in JavaScript
Understand the benefits of strong typing and love using TypeScript
You will be comfortable working with either an existing codebase or
creating mobile applications from scratch
You will be a team player who works with peers to discuss solutions,
approaches, and all aspects of development. Your success is a team
success.
Be willing to constantly develop new technical and intrapersonal skills,
acquire knowledge, and share it with the team
Qualifications and Key Skills:
3+ years of experience in mobile development
3+ years working in developer role in a software development company
Knowledge of programming languages React Native, Java, Kotlin, Swift
and familiarity with corresponding frameworks/libraries
Excellent understanding of benefits and limitations of mobile platforms
Basic knowledge of HTTP protocol and client-server communication
Comfortable with GIT
Ideal Additional Skills
CI/CD Github Actions/Jenkins
Knowledge and experience with React.js and TypeScript
Experience with React Native
Familiarity with C++, Objective C
Linux experience (development, operation, administration)
Salary and Benefits
Competitive compensation
Corporate stock options
401K
Fast-paced, varied environment
Casual workplace
Comprehensive benefits (e.g., medical, dental and vision insurance)
Paid lunches two days per week
Quarterly company events and outings
Bright Pattern is a fast-moving cloud software company growing faster than
others in the market. You will be in a pivotal role to make a difference and
significant contribution to company success as we embark on our next ramp of growth, while working in an exciting, fast-paced startup environment with
experienced industry leaders.
Ready to join the Bright Pattern Team? !
About Bright Pattern
Bright Pattern is the highest-rated all-in-one omnichannel contact center platform with the highest ROI and fastest time to deploy in the industry, with over 500 customers in 26 countries. Bright Pattern’s platform allows your business to provide effortless omnichannel conversations across all voice and digital channels (voice, SMS, web chat, email, video chat, messenger apps, and bots) and connects to your business applications seamlessly. Bright Pattern’s Omnichannel Quality Management capabilities also allow your business to monitor the quality of 100% of interactions on every channel. Bright Pattern is the only company in the industry providing a mobile app, Bright Pattern Mobile, that enables Omni-EnterpriseTM CX, allowing customers to connect with any employee in your company across voice and digital channels through their mobile device. The company was founded by a team of industry veterans who pioneered the leading contact center solution and is now delivering an architecture for the future with an advanced cloud-first approach.
Engenious is designing a .NET MAUI iOS and Android Application as part of a larger, high-tech project that spans an embedded device, mobile application, and cloud services. Join us to design well-crafted iOS and Android Mobile Applications as part of our collaborative team of creative, hands-on engineers and designers.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES*
*
Application Development, taking concepts developed by UX designers and designing and developing the cross-platform application.
Full life-cycle development and documentation, including design, implementation, and testing.
Collaboration, working closely with UX designers as well as embedded software engineers, back-end developers, test engineers, and product/project managers.
POSITION DETAILS:
This is a full-time, 3-month contract starting early January 2024. This position is flexible on work location – remote, hybrid or in office. The developer must be available at 8:00am CST (or as otherwise agreed upon) three days a week for team collaboration meeting and otherwise available during core office hours of 9am – 4pm CST.
QUALIFICATIONS:
3+ Years Experience with C#.
2+ Years Experience with Xamarin or .NET MAUI
Must have iOS and Android experience.
Experience deployingt to the App Store/Google Play Store.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Familiarity with RESTful APIs and web services.
NICE TO HAVES:
Bluetooth Connectivity
Integrating Azure Notifications, Google Firebase Notifications or equivalent
Twilio SendGrind or other SMPT services.
Connectivity to CRM/CDP/Ecommerce platforms like HubSpot and Shopify
Background application updates
Offline data backup and mirroring for later upload
Have questions? Feel free to email us.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Web Developer
Web developers are responsible for day-to-day site design and creation. Webmasters are responsible for the technical aspects of the web site, including performance issues such as speed of access, and for approving site content.
Tasks:
Design, build, or maintain web sites, using authoring or scripting languages, content creation tools, management tools, and digital media.
Write, design, or edit web page content, or direct others producing content.
Analyze user needs to determine technical requirements.
Create web models or prototypes that include physical, interface, logical, or data models.
Incorporate technical considerations into web site design plans, such as budgets, equipment, performance requirements, or legal issues including accessibility and privacy.
Research, document, rate, or select alternatives for web architecture or technologies.
Select programming languages, design tools, or applications
Develop web site maps, application models, image templates, or page templates that meet project goals, user needs, or industry standards.
Develop system interaction or sequence diagrams.
Provide clear, detailed descriptions of web site specifications such as product features, activities, software, communication protocols, programming languages, and operating systems software and hardware.
Document technical factors such as server load, bandwidth, database performance, and browser and device types.
Confer with management or development teams to prioritize needs, resolve conflicts, develop content criteria, or choose solutions.
Evaluate code to ensure that it is valid, is properly structured, meets industry standards and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems.
Develop or validate test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic external interfaces and address all browser and device types.
Document test plans, testing procedures, or test results.
Install and configure hypertext transfer protocol (HTTP) servers and associated operating systems.
Identify problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer problems to appropriate personnel for correction.
Monitor security system performance logs to identify problems and notify security specialists when problems occur.
Develop databases that support web applications and web sites.
Perform web site tests according to planned schedules, or after any web site or product revisions.
Perform or direct web site updates.
Recommend and implement performance improvements.
Design and implement web site security measures such as firewalls or message encryption.
Establish appropriate server directory trees.
Identify or maintain links to and from other web sites and check links to ensure proper functioning.
Create searchable indices for web page content.
Back up files from web sites to local directories for instant recovery in case of problems.
Write supporting code for web applications or web sites.
Register web sites with search engines to increase web site traffic.
Develop or implement procedures for ongoing web site revision.
Evaluate or recommend server hardware or software.
Develop and document style guidelines for web site content.
Communicate with network personnel or web site hosting agencies to address hardware or software issues affecting web sites.
Maintain understanding of current web technologies or programming practices through continuing education, reading, or participation in professional conferences, workshops, or groups.
Collaborate with management or users to develop e-commerce strategies and to integrate these strategies with web sites.
Respond to user email inquiries, or set up automated systems to send responses.
Renew domain name registrations.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Computers and Electronics - Knowledge of circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and computer hardware and software, including applications and programming.
Customer and Personal Service - Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.
Design - Knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production of precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings, and models.
Communications and Media - Knowledge of media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods. This includes alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media.
Mathematics - Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.
Troubleshooting - determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do about it.
Programming - Writing computer programs for various purposes.
Complex Problem Solving - identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions.
Technology Design - Generating or adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs.
Operations Analysis - Analyzing needs and product requirements to create a design.
Tools used in this occupation:
Computer servers - Application servers; Web servers
Desktop computers
High capacity removable media drives - Universal serial bus USB flash drives
Notebook computers - Laptop computers
Personal computers
Technology used in this occupation:
Programming and related technologies: Java, C, C++, Perl, Visual Basic, Oracle, MS Office, Lotus Notes/Domino, Java-based development tools (JBuilder), Excalibur RetrievalWare, Internet/Website and Content Management Technologies (i.e., Macromedia Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Flash, Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop, HTML, XML), Web Protocols and Technologies (XML, SOAP, HTML, HTTP, TCP/IP, etc.), Data Architecture and Database System Design, Database management software; Distributed database management software Business Process Management (i.e., Lombardi Works), Software and Systems Engineering, Information Security Operating System/Platform to include: Unix (Solaris), Windows, Linux, Thin Client (i.e., Citrix); Program testing software - defect tracking software; fault testing software; IBM Rational ClearQuest; Mercury Interactive LoadRunner.
Application Architecture and related technologies: N-Tier/Services Oriented Architecture, Web Services, WebLogic (Application Server), Oracle (RDBMS), PlumTree (Portal); WebLogic Web Server (Web Server); Internet Explorer & Netscape (Browser), Apache Struts (Development Framework); JBuilder Enterprise Edition (IDE); Concurrent Versions System-CVS (Version Management), Embarcadero Describe and System Architect (Architecture Modeling).
Company Description

At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.
At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon.
We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.
Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.
We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.
Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.

Job Description

Key Responsibilities:
Educating Developers on Best Practices: Act as a subject matter expert in security principles and practices, providing guidance and training to software developers. This includes conducting workshops, seminars, and one-on-one sessions to ensure developers are well-versed in writing secure code and understanding the latest security trends and threats.
Assessing Software Security: Perform thorough assessments of existing software systems to identify vulnerabilities and weaknesses. This involves using various tools and methodologies, such as static and dynamic analysis, to evaluate the security posture of software applications.
Evaluating Field-Reported Vulnerabilities: Investigate and analyze security vulnerabilities reported from the field. This includes determining the severity of the vulnerabilities, understanding their potential impact on the business, and recommending remediation strategies.
Reviewing Cryptographic Component Designs: Examine and assess the design of cryptographic components used within the organization's products. Ensure that these components are designed and implemented following best practices and industry standards to protect sensitive data.
Incident Response and Threat Intelligence: Participate in incident response activities when security breaches occur. Collect and analyze threat intelligence to proactively identify potential security issues.
Collaborating with Cross-Functional Teams: Work closely with other teams, such as development, operations, and IT, to integrate security into all phases of the software development lifecycle.
Continuous Learning and Research: Stay updated with the latest security trends, vulnerabilities, and mitigation techniques. Conduct independent research to contribute to the knowledge base of the organization and the security community.

Qualifications
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Security, or a related field.
3+ years of experience
Relevant certifications in cybersecurity (e.g., CISSP, OSCP, CEH) are advantageous.
Proven experience in software security, vulnerability assessment, and cryptographic systems.
Strong understanding of various programming languages and software development processes.
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills.

Additional Information

Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law" poster.

Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.

Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at Careers.Accommodations@WDC.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
#LI-KH1
Based on our experience, we anticipate that this job will close on or before 03/08/2024. If we have not closed our search by this date, we will update this posting with a new anticipated close date.
Compensation & Benefits Details
An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs.
The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in California, Colorado, New York or remote jobs that can be performed in California, Colorado and New York. This range may be modified in the future.
You will be eligible to participate in Western Digital’s Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan, which provides incentive awards based on Company and individual performance. Depending on your role and your performance, you may be eligible to participate in our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs) or cash equivalents, pursuant to the terms of the LTI plan. Please note that not all roles are eligible to participate in the LTI program, and not all roles are eligible for equity under the LTI plan. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Virgin Pulse Program; the Applause Program, employee stock purchase plan, and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan.
Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.
Build amazing custom mobile responsive websites
Be part of a better culture
Vegas Website Designs is a fast growing web design agency that operates on passion, integrity and highest quality. We embrace diversity and love solving complex, big business challenges for our clients.
We are a team that works together to see each other succeed and we want people around us who work as one. We like to sharpen each other’s skills by pushing the limits and challenging our abilities. It’s our job to be the experts and lead our clients through experience and education. Giving our clients an awesome experience is key.
What We Are Looking For
This is not a remote work position. You must be able to work in our office in Las Vegas. As a Web Developer, you may work on many projects at one time from large state projects to e-commerce, so switching between tasks in a fast-paced environment is important.
We are looking for a passionate web developer who can pull from their own creativity to bring PSD mockups to life with animation and amazing user experience. But you can’t be just a great developer, you have to understand the web, usability, conversion, SEO, business objectives and how to use development to drive the goals of your client. Our design agency is about producing the best work possible, so we all work together and are very honest about our thoughts. The developer needs to realize that creating solutions to achieve goals is more important than personal interest or style.
What You Will Do
1Creation of custom mobile responsive websites from a PSD Design
2Setup and configuration of WordPress & plugins
3Work closely with our design team to define feature specifications
4Input website content; website and software updates
5Continually learn about usability, web trends and techniques to ensure Vegas Website Designs produces great, modern solutions
6Coding email and newsletter templates
Ideal Candidate Qualifications
Web development experience & knowledge (3 years experience preferred)
Extensive experience with PSD to HTML conversion
Strong experience coding in PHP, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AJAX and JavaScript
Strong experience building front-end user interface using Bootstrap 3 and strong experience with WordPress
Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to e-commerce applications
Strong mobile website development skills
Visually debug and test completed work on all browsers, screen sizes and devices
Understanding of SEO best practices
Implementation & development of APIs
Experience working with MySQL
Are You The Right Fit?
We’re always looking for smart, fun and ambitious team members driven by quality and who are never satisfied with good enough.
Team Name:
Battle.net & Online Products
Job Title:
Senior Software Engineer
Requisition ID:
R021450
Job Description:
Job Title: Senior Software Engineer, Platform SDK
Department: B&OP ENGINEERING
Location: This role is anticipated to be a hybrid work position, with some work on-site and some work-from-home. The potential home studio for this role is in Irvine California
Description:
The Platform SDK team within Battle.net provides a suite of SDKs which allow game teams to seamlessly integrate with Battle.net services. By integrating Battle.net’s SDKs, studios can easily supercharge their development - unlocking key capabilities like login, social and purchasing - while primarily focusing on crafting genre-defining player experiences in their game. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be part of a highly performant team responsible for shaping and implementing the future of our SDK strategy within Battle.net. Additionally you will also support our existing SDKs, establishing working relationships with game teams and other development teams within Battle.net, and directly contribute towards a world class gaming ecosystem. Our ideal candidate is an experienced developer with a passion for building SDKs, shareable components, and has a history of working with a team in an agile environment.
Responsibilities:
Contribute to the development and maintenance of high-performance C++ and C# SDKs which are integrated with game clients to access Battle.net services
Author and maintain technical documentation for consumption by studio partners
Support studio partners as they integrate our SDKs into their games
Create technical design documents and other artifacts
Participate in on-call rotation to quickly resolve live incidents related to SDK integrations
Troubleshoot and debug issues with SDKs currently in use by our studio partners
Uphold and promote the Blizzard Core Values
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, or equivalent experience, with a specialization in Software Engineering
A minimum of 5 years of professional software engineering experience in C# Experience writing native software for mobile platforms, preference on iOS
Knowledge of API and communication protocols and integrations
Strong communication and collaboration skills Pluses:
Experience with software development in C++
Experience developing libraries, frameworks, APIs,
We love hearing from anyone who is enthusiastic about changing the games industry. Not sure you meet all qualifications? Let us decide! Research shows that women and members of other under-represented groups tend to not apply to jobs when they think they may not meet every qualification, when, in fact, they often do! We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and strongly encourage you to apply.
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable assistance to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you are a disabled individual requiring an accommodation to apply for an open position, please email your request to accommodationrequests@activisionblizzard.com. General employment questions cannot be accepted or processed here. Thank you for your interest.
Our World
At Blizzard Entertainment, we pour our hearts and souls into everything we create. Best known for iconic video game universes including Warcraft, Overwatch, Diablo, and StarCraft, we’ve been creating genre-defining games for millions of players around the world for more than 30 years. We’re on a quest: bring our dreams to life and craft the most epic entertainment experiences…ever. Hard work, iteration and polish go into the Blizzard “secret recipe,” but the most important ingredients come from talented people who share our vision. If that sounds like you, join us.
The videogame industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, among other characteristics.
Rewards
We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being for ‘Every World’ - we’ve got our employees covered! Subject to eligibility requirements, the Company offers comprehensive benefits including:
Medical, dental, vision, health savings account or health reimbursement account, healthcare spending accounts, dependent care spending accounts, life and AD&D insurance, disability insurance;
401(k) with Company match, tuition reimbursement, charitable donation matching;
Paid holidays and vacation, paid sick time, floating holidays, compassion and bereavement leaves, parental leave;
Mental health & wellbeing programs, fitness programs, free and discounted games, and a variety of other voluntary benefit programs like supplemental life & disability, legal service, ID protection, rental insurance, and others;
If the Company requires that you move geographic locations for the job, then you may also be eligible for relocation assistance.
Eligibility to participate in these benefits may vary for part time and temporary full-time employees and interns with the Company. You can learn more by visiting https://www.benefitsforeveryworld.com/.
In the U.S., the standard base pay range for this role is $101,000.00 - $186,754.00 Annual. These values reflect the expected base pay range of new hires across all U.S. locations. Ultimately, your specific range and offer will be based on several factors, including relevant experience, performance, and work location. Your Talent Professional can share this role’s range details for your local geography during the hiring process. In addition to a competitive base pay, employees in this role may be eligible for incentive compensation. Incentive compensation is not guaranteed.
We are looking for iPhone and Android Developers to help build some really cool and innovative mobile applications. In this “hands-on” technical roles you will be part of a team developing leading edge software designed for use with large volumes of traffic and transactions. You need to be highly organized, have insight into the mobile market, understand ergonomics especially as they apply to mobile app user interfaces, and be somewhat familiar with Agile development concepts and best practices. Requirements: 2+ yrs on mobile, OOP, Algorithms, Dynamic Programming
Email us at hr-resume@softbolt.com
Introduction

Bring your Information Systems Experience to the Public Service Commission as a .Net Web Application Developer!
The Public Service Commission (PSC) is an independent state agency that is responsible for regulating more than 1,100 Wisconsin public utilities, which provide electric, natural gas, combined water and sewer utilities, and certain aspects of local telephone service to households and businesses throughout the state! The PSC of Wisconsin ensures safe, reliable, affordable, and environmentally responsible utility services and equitable access to telecommunications and broadband services.
The PSC is a great place to work! In addition to meaningful and rewarding work, we offer a competitive benefits package featuring:
Substantial leave time including at least 3.5 weeks of vacation to start, 9 paid holidays, and 130 hours of sick time that roll over each year.
Excellent and affordable health, vision, and dental benefits (health plan options start at just $39/month for single plans and $97/month for family plans after two months of employment)
A casual office atmosphere, flexible work schedules, and telework options depending on the position’s requirements
An exceptional pension plan with employer match and lifetime retirement payment, plus an optional tax advantaged 457 retirement savings plan
Well Wisconsin Wellness Program
A free and confidential employee assistance program that offers employees and their immediate family dependents a variety of tools, resources, and professional consultation services to support their health, goals, and overall well-being
In addition to our generous employee benefits, we strive for inclusivity and celebrate different religious holidays and cultural observances and provide flexibility for utilizing paid time off for such celebrations.
Position Summary

The .Net Web Application Developer (IS Systems Development Services Senior/Specialist) position provides professional advanced level applications IS work that supports all phases of the systems development life cycle, including research, planning, design, development, implementation, testing, and maintenance of web-based and client/server systems using an Agile methodology. This position conducts analyses, investigates parameters and develops prototypes for employing new applications development technologies into systems development projects. This position will use systems development tools and methodologies in the completion of its assigned duties, including the analysis and design of applications and maintenance of existing applications. The position will also provide on-going support of applications development software for both customers and other professional IS staff, including Visual Studio, Microsoft .Net and other web-based software.
This position will be hired at the Senior or Specialist level, depending on qualifications.
For the full position description, email Hannah Robarge at hannah.robarge@wisconsin.gov.
Salary Information

This Senior level position is in schedule-range (07-34) with an annual salary of $62,400-$84,240, plus excellent benefits. This Specialist level position is in schedule-range (07-33) with an annual salary of $74,880-$101,920, plus excellent benefits. A twelve month probationary period is required. Pay for current state employees will be set in accordance with the Wisconsin State Compensation Plan.
Job Details

Prior to any appointments for position(s) filled from this announcement, candidates may be subject to a comprehensive criminal background check.
The Public Service Commission is a registered participant in the federal work authorization program commonly known as E-Verify to verify employment eligibility of all employees hired on or after June 18, 2015.
The Public Service Commission of Wisconsin is unable to sponsor work visas for new hires. Any appointment made will be contingent on the applicant being able to prove valid status to work in the United States.
Certain positions within this Department may allow remote/work from home flexibility for a portion of their work schedule, depending on the needs of the position and the work unit. This topic and any remote work flexibility that may be available will be discussed in more detail in the interview process. For permanent positions that allow remote work flexibility, Wisconsin residency is not required. However, it is not anticipated that working outside of Wisconsin (or bordering cities) will be allowed because positions may at times need to report to office locations in Wisconsin on short notice.
Qualifications

This position will be hired at the Senior or Specialist level depending on candidates qualifications assessed during the application and interview process. Qualifications per level are listed below.
Qualified applicants at the Senior level will have experience with all the following:
Professional work experience in designing and developing web applications using ASP.NET MVC or ASP.NET MVC Core or ASP.NET Web Forms (ASPX) with C# or VB.NET.
Professional work experience with relational database design and development (such as SQL Server or Oracle).
Professional work experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery/bootstrap or a similar framework
In addition to having all of the above, Candidates at the Specialist level will have experience in the following:
Professional work experience with .NET database tools or user interface libraries (such as Entity Framework or Kendo UI.
Professional work experience with Agile Scrum and project management tools (such as Azure DevOps and GIT/TFS).
Professional work experience developing APIs or web services, and using debugging/testing tools.
Professional work experience with database reporting tools (such as SSRS, SSIS, Power BI, or other Microsoft Power Platform packages).
How To Apply

Apply online! To apply, click “Apply for Job” to start the application process. Then, you will access your existing account or to create a new account if you don’t have an account. Once you are logged in, click “Apply for Job.” Follow the steps outlined in the application process and submit your application.
Your application materials are very important parts of your application and are used during our evaluation process to determine your qualifications as they relate to the job. For instructions on how to develop and what should be included in these materials, click here. For more information on the basics of the selection process and how the State of WI ensures fair and equitable treatment of all applicants, click here. The vast majority of applicants are able to outline their background and experience in their resume in 1-3 pages. Any resumes submitted with more than 10 pages will not be considered after page 10. If this job posting requires a letter of qualifications, the same limit applies.
Permanent classified state employees who are eligible for consideration (transfer or voluntary demotion) should complete the application process as described above by the stated deadline.
Submitted materials will be evaluated by a panel of job experts and the most qualified applicants will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process. Questions related to the job and how to apply can be directed to Hannah Robarge at hannah.robarge@wisconsin.gov or 608-266-0753. For general wisc.jobs user information and technical assistance, please see the wisc.jobs Frequently Asked Questions page.
Deadline to Apply

The deadline to apply is 11:59 PM CT on January 2nd, 2024
Position: Software Developer II
Location: Huntsville, AL
Clearance: Active Secret Clearance

** $10,000 signing bonus!

Position Summary:
Develops .NET code in support of SharePoint 2013 based solutions including components such as web parts, workflows, list/library/site definitions, event receivers, web part pages, etc.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Develops .NET code and software development in support of SharePoint 2013 based solutions including components such as web parts, workflows, list/library/site definitions, event receivers, web part pages, etc.
Ensures solutions are developed in compliance with client standards, e.g. governance plan, etc.
Consults on the design of SharePoint solutions based on requirements specifications.
Develops and designs unit test plans and resolves software bugs.
Ensures solutions are developed to maximize the built-in capabilities of the SharePoint platform in order to minimize the risks and costs associated with custom code development.
Ensures solutions are developed to maximize the capabilities of available third party extensions, e.g. iDashboards, Nintex, etc., while minimizing the risks and costs associated with custom code development.
Leverages all tools available to develop SharePoint solutions, including Visual Studio, SharePoint Designer, InfoPath and any available third party solution and software development tools.
Works closely with end-users, customers, solution architects and other stakeholders to coordinate plans and activities that affect the solution.
Facilitates an efficient development process based on agile principles, and is an advocate for agile principles and the further development of efficiencies in the software development process.
Communicates and coordinates with management, solution architects, and operations staff to address technical issues, e.g. solution design or development issues, bugs, etc.
Ensures developed code//software development is versioned and proper source control is practiced.
Perform other related assignments as needed.

Qualification, Knowledge and Skill Requirements:
5-7 years of experience in software development solutions based on the Microsoft .NET platform;
2+ years of experience developing solutions based on the Microsoft SharePoint 2010 or 2013 platforms;
Experience in developing solutions on the SharePoint 2010 platform required (additional experience with 2013 preferred)
Experience leveraging Microsoft technologies, including ASP.NET, C#, SharePoint, and SQL Servers, to improve business processes and practices;
Prefer experience with jQuery, AJAX, XSLT, JSON, Silverlight and SQL Server database design, HTML, CSS e.g. views, stored procedures, normalization, etc.
Prefer experience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Ability to interact with end users and translate business language into technical requirements;
BS in Computer Science Preferred
Must have a high level of interpersonal skills and the ability to successfully collaborate with team members.
Relevant Certifications:
ITIL Foundation, preferred.
MCPD: ASP.NET and/or MCPD: Web Developer – preferred
MCTS: Windows SharePoint Services 3.0, Application Development – preferred
MCTS: MS Office SharePoint Server 2007, Application Development – preferred
MCPD: SharePoint 2010, Application Developer – preferred
ADA Specifications:
Occasionally lifting of 5-10 lbs.
Regularly required to talk and or hear.
Extended working hours.
No travel expected for this position.
Will be required to use the computer screen for extensive periods of time.
Salary range of 97,000-120,000 per year
Up to $5k per year in student loan repayment from NMR with a lifetime cap of $20k per employee. Certain conditions apply in accordance with the Cares Act of 2020 and the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021. Please email HR@nmrconsulting.com for more details.

NMR Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). M/F/D/V
Are you seeking a contract or permanent assignment with CloudXsparks Technologies, Inc.? You have the opportunity to extend your career pathway. Our recruiting teams are holding techno-functional experience in the Information technology industry and they are well-versed in interviewing candidates with respect to their interpersonal skills. They are here to assist you more than ever. We are always looking for and interested to hear from talented individuals who can make a difference and complement our existing teams of professionals. Please email your resume to our team of recruiters. Our careers email: hr@cloudxsparks.com
Data Engineer
Skillset We Looking for : •Proven experience as a data engineer, software developer, or similar. • Expert proficiency in Python, C++, Java, R, and SQL. • Familiarity with Hadoop or suitable equivalent. • Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. • Building and optimizing data pipelines, architectures and data sets. • Analytic skills related to working with structured and unstructured datasets. • Data transformation, data structures, dependency and workload management
Apryse is seeking a skilled and highly motivated Technical Support Engineer with developer experience to join our dynamic team. In this role, you will be responsible for providing exceptional technical support to our clients and customers, utilizing on our software development kits (SDK) and web products with a strong emphasis on C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Python, Ruby, and Go.
As a Technical Support Engineer-SDK, you will play a crucial role in assisting developers and customers with troubleshooting, issue resolution, and implementation of our document processing products. Your expertise and knowledge will be key to ensuring customer satisfaction and success. In this role, you will be responsible for providing exceptional technical support to our clients and customers, utilizing our software development kits (SDK) which are available for many systems and in many different languages.
This is a terrific opportunity to learn all aspects of Apryse’s technology and be a key player in shaping our future product roadmap while expanding your knowledge and developing your skills spanning the areas of customer service, technical support, and multi-language/platform development, leading to career progression into either development or solution engineer positions at Apryse. For entry-level applicants, we are willing to train the right candidate.
Responsibilities:
Provide high-quality technical support to customers via various channels (phone, email, chat) regarding our SDK products.
Diagnose and troubleshoot complex software issues reported by customers, ensuring timely resolution.
Develop and maintain an in-depth knowledge of our SDK products, programming languages, and supported operating systems.
Collaborate with internal teams to reproduce and resolve customer-reported issues, escalating to appropriate teams when necessary.
Create and maintain detailed technical documentation, including FAQs, troubleshooting guides, and knowledge base articles.
Proactively identify areas for improvement in our SDK products, providing feedback to the development and engineering teams.
Contribute to the continuous improvement of customer support processes and workflows.
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related comparable experience.
Strong programming skills and hands-on experience with at least one of the following: C++, C#, Java.
Proficiency in working with server/desktop operating systems, including Linux, Windows, and macOS.
Prior experience in technical support or customer-facing roles, preferably in a software development environment.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to diagnose and troubleshoot complex software issues.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical customers effectively.
Self-motivated and proactive with a strong commitment to customer satisfaction.
Ability to work well both independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Familiarity with software development methodologies and tools, such as version control systems and bug tracking systems, is a plus.
Prior experience with SDK support or API integration is highly desirable.
Benefits
Competitive salary commensurate with experience & qualifications.
A comprehensive extended benefits package including health, dental and vision for you and your family.
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan with contribution match.
A great team environment and resources, supporting you to do the best work of your life and providing unlimited career growth potential.
Highly autonomous and entrepreneurial environment.
Bi-weekly lunches and monthly socials.
Annual recurring WFH allowance for you to purchase items you need for your home office.
On going support for learning development so you can master your craft.
Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with (Windows or Mac)
Diverse and inclusive workplace where we all learn from each other.
Excellent work-life balance with a flexible remote work environment!
Salary Range: USD $65,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Company Description
Apryse is the industry-leading provider of document software development (SDK) technology powering everything from traditional desktop software to innovative web and mobile applications. With a broad international portfolio of combined companies, products, and leading technologies, we are actively changing the way the world works with documents to make work better and life simpler.
We are also a fast-growing company, chosen as one of Canada's Top Small & Medium Employers of 2022 by Mediacorp Canada Inc and selected among Canada’s best employers for recent graduates with its addition to the 2022 Career Directory.
Since having secured a $95M strategic growth investment in 2019, we have grown from approximately 50 employees to over 370, made eleven acquisitions, and in 2021, Thoma Bravo, the top private investment firm in the world for software, came on board with another strategic growth investment.
Customers like IBM, Autodesk, DocuSign, Boeing, Microsoft (and many more!) come to us to realize their web and mobile strategies for document management, editing, and collaboration as the #1-ranked commercial document SDK of choice for companies worldwide. As a result, you can find our document technology in thousands of solutions, including those of household names, used by millions across virtually every industry. Our XODO app alone has 25M unique installs - and counting - and the highest ratings among PDF productivity apps on the largest online app marketplaces.
Internally, we foster an atmosphere of opportunity, growth, and success for every individual amidst an exciting and challenging entrepreneurial culture. Career progression is based on merit, not tenure. Every member of our vibrant team is empowered to be a contributor, innovator, and successful leader.
Ready to join our team?
If you are interested in helping Apryse deliver on its commitments and taking your career to the next level, we invite you to apply online now.
Please note that due to the high volume of applications received, only short-listed candidates will be contacted.
We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion.
Thank you for your interest in Apryse!
Outlook Mobile is changing how the world works through mobile email. As millions of users continue making the leap to mobile, we empower them to be more responsive, get more done, and stay connected from anywhere. In a world where more than half of email messages are first read on a mobile device, it's essential to give people the power to manage their time and communication to achieve more wherever they go. Our goal is to provide innovative ways to focus on what's important in your inbox, schedule meetings, and work with attachments and files.
The Outlook Mobile for Android team is highly passionate about application quality, happy users, and certainly about Android as a platform. We are a small, focused team working on a big product for a rapidly growing number of users.
Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.
In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day.
Responsibilities
Your role as a Software Engineer II will be to help define, architect, build, and support Android for Outlook Mobile – the mobile face of our company. Make technology and design decisions to deliver a fast, secure, and usable application. Work with other Outlook teams to define needs and APIs that will provide the best user experience. Create beautiful UI and intuitive UX that will delight our users.
Contribute in partnership with appropriate stakeholders (e.g., project manager, technical lead) to determine user requirements for a feature.
Consider a variety of feedback channels to incorporate insights into future designs or solution fixes. Incorporate appropriate continuous feedback loops measuring customer value, usage patterns, and other actionable metrics of value.
Learn and contribute to processes for the architecture of a product/solution feature and learn to create proposals by testing design hypotheses and helping to refine code plans under the technical leadership of others.
Learn about, share new ideas, and leverage software developer tools to create, debug, and maintain code for features.

Other:
Embody our Culture and Values
Qualifications
Required/Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 2+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python
OR equivalent experience.
2+ years(s) of experience with Android or equivalent UI development.
Additional or Preferred Qualifications
2+ year(s) object-oriented programming experience in languages including, but not limited to, Kotlin or Java.
1+ year(s) building and supporting user-facing products.
Experience of working on-call.
Demonstrated technical competencies with large-scale codebases.
Software Engineering IC3 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $94,300 - $182,600 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $120,900 - $198,600 per year.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay

#outlookjobs
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
